super gust pendant! I bought a pendant to give as a gift and the truth is that it was very cool. As always I really like the things you have and how you present them. I already have my eye on more things but now I have to save to buy them.
The delivery was terrible but I love San Saru The delivery was terrible. I had to change my address because it defaulted to another address for an apartment I no longer live in. Despite contacting san saru right away and calling DHL 20 times, they tried to deliver to that address and then I had to go pick it up at a parcel pickup office 35 min from my house. It's a shame that the delivery at home was so horrible because I love the brand, but I would be lazy to shop at san saru again just to not have the same experience again.
So beautiful everything!!! And shipping of 10 What I ordered arrived very quickly! Packaged super nice, just as it appears in the instagram videos. And my bracelet and earrings beautiful. Very versatile for everyday and very stylish. Thank you!!! I will repeat. ❤️🙏🏼
Rings I bought two rings. One of them (Oishi) has nothing to do with the pictures published on the web; it looks a much nicer stone and a much higher quality/consistency of the ring than it really is. The other one (Rania), looks exactly like the pictures, and I love it.  I wish the photos perfectly reflected the reality of the product.
Great! I have made several purchases for various gifts and they have always been a success. The shopping experience was great. Also the shipping and the boxes are beautiful. Company of 10!
I always buy everything well... I always buy everything perfectly well. In addition, each product is in its little bag and there are no prices in case you want to send it directly to the person you want to give.
In my case I really like the ring and... In my case I really like the ring and it is as seen on the page. I love ,tmb,the attention are very friendly when you contact them and very fast in shipments. The presentation is very nice.
Good company and bad luck The shipping was very easy to do and very fast. I ordered two bracelets, which arrived perfectly and are beautiful and one piercing, which arrived damaged, with the stem impossible to fit. I guess it was bad luck, because the rest of the experience was very good.
Experience of 10 I bought an extra long chain for my necklaces and the shipping was super fast, I made the purchase on a Sunday and on Tuesday I had the order at home. Also, it arrived very well packaged and with one of the little wooden boxes of San Saru that I love. Always a pleasure to buy in this store :)
It's not the first time I've bought, I've bought for myself and for gifts, and I always like them. The designs are beautiful and the packaging is 10. The transport sometimes fails due to lack of information from the company, but they arrive on time.
Perfect attention to detail I was impressed with the attention to detail. Each piece is perfectly cared for and looks just as beautiful, if not more beautiful, than on the website. I was delighted to come across the postcard with the text, it's beautiful, the icing on an undeniably delicious cake. I loved it so much that I've already placed my next order! Thank you so much 💚
First purchase made First purchase made and everything has been very quick and easy. The only difficult thing has been to choose between so many wonderful jewels😍.
To triumph... Because it was for a gift and they loved them. We love the designs in silver, simple and elegant. We have bought a lot of earrings and now we have bought bracelets that combined are divine. The delivery service is great and when we have consulted something the response time and kindness....
The two times I have bought it I have loved it, and very well packaged and perfect presentation.
Very happy The products are very nice and of good quality. The earrings are a little smaller than I thought. I will repeat the experience. Very fast delivery.
Beautiful but "small" The order arrived quickly, very well wrapped and with a wonderful smell, but it is true that the jewels are "smaller" than I thought, in this case, the earrings. I was also disappointed with the beads bracelet I ordered because the beads were very small, in the pictures they looked bigger, both in the one that shows the bracelet alone and in the one that appears on the wrist of a girl.
THE BEST STORE. The attention is great, the jewels are original, beautiful, comfortable and you can tell they are of good quality. I am a regular customer and whenever I need jewelry, I buy in San Saru.
Wonder The jewelry is beautiful and the boxes smelled wonderful. I would live in that perfume. Not to mention the gift that I almost liked more than what I had bought. A success.
I really like the website and the company I really like the website and the company. They have some beautiful jewelry and a super useful guide, plus a lot of variety and closeness to the customer for making gifts reached some limits, Thank you!
They are great They are great! Attention 10, kindness, proximity, design, packaging, speed, and professionalism!!!!
One of the pieces I ordered opens by itself and I can't wear it for fear of losing it. It's a shame because I've been following you for years and for once I've ordered something I can't wear it.
The perfect gift The order was a gift, it has arrived perfect, in its beautiful box, plus the jewel with the meter has arrived perfect in size. It also came with extra gifts. She loved the gift
It was all perfect. The order arrived on time and also came with some earrings as a gift with the choker I ordered which, by the way, was very pretty and I loved the packaging.
Good experience, totally recommendable. I love the pieces I ordered, good design and quality.
Everything great Everything great. I have purchased several times and without any problem. Durable jewelry, in fact I shower with them and they have not broken or become ugly. Definitely recommended!
Nice product Nice product. Just as it appears in the photos. Good after sales service, size change without any problem. Very friendly and fast.
The quality of the product is very good I... The quality of the product is very good I don't even take off my earrings to take a shower and the speed of delivery is amazing I have never had any problem or delay!
Santa Claus ... Good morning, first xq arrived super fast and second xq are phenomenal price, are beautiful and just hope that those who are golden do not lose color, thanks
They are very nice They are very nice, fast shipping, so, all very good.
Fast delivery of the order Fast delivery of the order, but above all the jewels are more precious every day....
I love this brand and their deal I love this brand and their deal. The little jewels are perfect! 😊
The jewelry is beautiful The jewelry is beautiful, just like the picture. I highly recommend this site
The packaging, the quality and the care with which they come without a doubt we will repeat.
Literally the only jewelry store... Literally the only jewelry store that I shop at.
Everything perfect Everything arrived in perfect condition and on time. I will surely buy more.
The earrings had the sticks... The earrings had the sticks bent ..low quality for the price q is.
I love them I love them, all the pieces, lack of money to have them all🥰😂😂😂😂😂
The jewelry is of exceptional quality The jewelry is of exceptional quality, I will come back again.
10/10 I love everything about this brand, it is spectacular.
Always very happy with her jewelry
A 10 EVERYTHING The product is a 10 and the delivery and packaging is a 10.
I love Jóyitas very nice, arrived on time. Very good experience.
It's monism It's monism, and the delivery was very fast. I will keep repeating.
everything perfect Super fast shipment AND everything perfect: packaging, product
Charming jewelry Easy access and payment. Special and different jewelry
They are very nice and do not stropean
Fast delivery of the order Fast delivery of the order, but above all the jewels are more precious every day....
Very good experience. Very cute and good quality jewelry. 10/10
Everything fantastic Everything fantastic, loa perfect and beautiful rings and unbeatable attention. I will buy again for sure
Everything always perfect I can't say more than always wonderful. Every year it is a must have gift under the tree and it is always a success. They show all the time the love they put in their project and the communication with them is always a 100.
Very good brand Very good brand, quality products and very fast and attentive service.
Delighted as always Beautiful jewelry and fast shipping. The fact that they give you a little gift for the purchase is awesome!
Good, fast and very friendly Fast service and very friendly. The order arrived quickly and there was no problem with the return. The orders are very well taken care of and the products are perfect.
Super contenta🫶🏻 I ordered 6 earrings, beautiful and just like the pictures, arrived on time and in a beautiful box!
Beautiful jewelry. They are even more beautiful once they are on, I love them.
WONDERFUL The jollitas are more beautiful in person (and it was already difficult). Also, the gifts are appreciated.
Customer service a 10 The jewel was very nice, but also the management of the size change was great. The customer service was a 10.
Fantastic shopping experience I ordered two beautiful rings with black onyx and as a gift I got a fabric bag and some cute silver earrings! Experience of 10 with them, very satisfied! I will repeat without a doubt!
Beautiful design but very flimsy The design is very cool and very nice but it is not a ring to wear every day as it has deformed very quickly because it is so thin and flimsy. The treatment received by San Saru has been great both when ordering through the web as it is very intuitive and easy as the emails you receive with all the information about the status of the order. The bad experience has been with MRW since I have not had the package in my hands until 7 days later and I had to go personally to one of their offices to pick it up.
I will buy again and I recommend it. The experience with San Saru was great, I will definitely buy again. I loved the ring, and I hope that the person for whom it was intended, also loves it as much as I do. The box where it comes, wonderful, come on all the details have them ... they are great. Super grateful for the detail they have had. Super recommended.
The quality is very fair, very difficult... The quality is very fair, very difficult to close them, risk of losing them, very uncomfortable, I do not wear them comfortably.
Exchange or return Because I received a broken earring and they did the exchange without any problem or additional cost. It was fast
Great!!! The customer service experience was great, the truth is that it is 10 (I had to make a size change). The shipping was also very fast
Exactly as in the photos Exactly as in the photos, careful packaging and fast service.
Great! Your treatment is very friendly, personalized and very attentive to details. You guys are great! 😃💫
Good experience Very fast shipping and very good presentation, the box is beautiful. The only "flaw" is that I expected the rings to be bigger... I looked at photos of the different sizes and compared and I was wrong.
Everything perfect Both shipping and product, everything perfect
I have not received the experience Date of experience: December 20, 2022
I am always delighted with San Saru I am always delighted with San Saru, I have all the jewels from here and they are wonderful. The shipping is lightning fast and to make an exchange they reply super fast and very nice. I will continue to buy here
Satisfactory experience. Arrived in the estimated time, quality in the finishing of the products and courtesy gifts.
Jewelry perfect, shipping company nefarious As for the jewelry, beautiful and perfect. The problem was with the shipping company. They gave me 5 different delivery dates and when the package arrived, the box arrived all dented and broken. Luckily, the inside was not affected.
Beautiful jewelry I like the jewelry very much, and the attention is very good.
Everything great Everything great. I love the jewelry, beautiful and good quality. Fast shipping.
You can tell by the details that the order was prepared with great care. You guys are great. Thank you.
A marvel Good service, quality and speed
Discolored stones poor quality Hello, the sunite ring I ordered is very different from the ring that arrived as a white stone, and ugly. On the website you advertise it as a shiny rose quartz stone. You exchanged it for another one but I have not changed anything, I am still as disappointed with my purchase, it is a misleading advertising that you do on the site.
A very positive experience I have already ordered several times and we have always had a very good experience. The jewelry we have purchased after the passage of time is still as beautiful.
I love San Saru,...always...I love San Saru,...I always find what I want,....and they surprise me with the new things they bring out.... the quality is very good,....
As always wonderful As always, the packaging is incredibly beautiful. And the little jewel as a gift, a marvel. I will continue buying for sure
The service they provide is incredible Experience Date: December 19, 2022
Order not received I ordered 10 pieces (!) on 9/12, delivery was expected on 12/12. It is now 12/19 and no sign of my order. I wrote to them on the 15th, they answered me on the 18th saying that they have claimed it on the 16th to the carrier and that they would claim it again. But so far nothing. On the carrier's website it is still the same as it was...with delivery expected on the 12th.
Very flirtatious and what I was looking for Experience Date: December 05, 2022
My experience has been great, I had a problem with the model and size, and everything was easy, and a great deal. Thank you very much
ALL FANTASTIC ALL FANTASTIC, SHIPPING AT FULL SPEED. ALWAYS HAPPY WITH THE PURCHASES I MAKE HERE
Everything always perfect Everything always perfect, and those little gifts that they sometimes send with the orders are a great detail.
Everything perfect Both shipping and product, everything perfect
RECOMMENDABLE I have purchased on several occasions, as always, they do not disappoint. I will continue to buy every time I need something.
Caprichos que enamoran I love all your jewels, they are spectacular. I am very happy, fast shipping and very well presented.
100000☆ Ring even more beautiful than it looked on the web. The presentation of the product could not be more delicate and neat. I give it 100000☆
El envío y servicio muy bueno y... El envío y servicio muy bueno y rápido,te obsequian con un regalito en el pedido,compre una pulsera para chico y la verdad que la veo un poco endeble para el precio que tiene,pemdaba que era mas rígida, el color se ve muy bien,espero que no se hace fea
Beautiful earrings Beautiful earrings. Very fast delivery with packaging and box included. Totally refommendable
GENIAL I can only say good things about you!!! you are always ready to help us with any problem... the jewels are divine... I will never stop buying !!!!!  Thank you for everything!
I like everything!!!😍 Experience date: December 12, 2022
I had to make a product change... I had to make a product change because the size didn't fit and it was super fast.
Super good Super good, I will buy again for sure.
Great Great! Delighted as always. I usually buy a lot in San Saru and I always come back either to give as a gift or to give as a present. I love everything, plus they are all lovely, always taking care of every detail and keeping customers happy, which is the most important thing :)
Delighted with the product and the... Delighted with the product and shipping organization
All beautiful fine jewelry and at a good... All beautiful fine jewelry and at a good price!!!! Detailed at all times with packaging and arrival ahead of schedule always !!!! A pleasure to buy in this store !!!!
I had a small delay in delivery and... I had a small delay in delivery and you were outstanding until I received it. Thank you very much
Totalmente veraz la descripción del... Totalmente veraz la descripción del artículo,llegó muy rápido y todo perfecto.
I still trust San Saru, apart from the design of their jewelry, I love their website, they show all their jewelry put on a model to see how they look, the description of each of them and tips on how you can wear them. Apart from this, the preparation of orders does not lack detail, I received the earrings in boxes with Christmas motifs and with the fragrance that characterizes them. I would like to take this opportunity to suggest that they commercialize the perfume or cologne they use to perfume the bags ;), it smells great!
With San Saru everything is great and... With San Saru everything is great and perfect!
Very good experience Very good experience, super fast shipping and the earrings and piercings I bought were beautiful and of good quality. Definitely at the top of the list for future purchases for me or gifts.
Happy Good afternoon, the items I ordered are for a gift but have arrived well, so happy, thank you very much!!!!
Earrings made with great care Earrings made with great care. I had to make a change and it was super fast and the treatment was very close. The packaging was perfect and beautiful, very careful, the bag where the jewel comes, smelled like cologne. San Saru is like the trusted jewelry store of a lifetime.
Delighted with my jewels and the presentation of the shipment! Super fast order, prepared with great care and attention to detail. Even the gift bag smells great! I will buy again soon, for sure!
Prefect all Experience Date: December 08, 2022
The order never arrived The order never arrived. I feel ripped off.
I haven't received my order yet and I won't receive it until... I haven't received my order yet and I won't receive it until next week.
The daisy ring did not come... The daisy ring did not come detailed like the one I ordered previously. It came uglier...
The jewelry is very nice and good quality... The jewelry is very nice and good quality.
It was fast It was fast. But since I didn't look at the measurements they seemed smaller than expected.
Good product but lousy shipping I ordered some earrings and the truth is that your work is very good. Good presentation and good product. But I put this score because of your delivery service. In my case, the SEUR company should have brought it to my house (that's why you pay shipping costs). The carrier didn't even bother to come here, and dropped it off directly at a collection point. I live in a village far from town, so I ordered the jewel through your store so that it would arrive at my home, and not have to go to a jewelry store in town, since my schedule doesn't suit me. Well, even so, I had to wait almost a week to be able to pick up my order, since I could not go to pick it up at the times that were available. In the end, I would have ended up buying it sooner in a jewelry store in town.  It is really a pity, because I am happy with your work, but not with your delivery service. I was almost left without my package because I couldn't pick it up, having paid the shipping costs.
Delighted with the service and quality Delighted, very fast delivery, beautiful packaging and the beautiful JAUHAREE jewelry box. Very happy with the purchase, service and customer service.
Very nice and beautiful Packaging the... Very nice and beautiful Packaging the only but I thought they were a little bigger earrings.
Very fan A highlight the speed of delivery and the care they put into every detail: beautiful and sustainable packaging, excellent communication by email or RRSS .... You can tell there is passion and know-how in what they do, a 10.
Very good Very good. Customer service of 10 Carla Atienza charming.
San Saru is great! I have shopped many times in San Saru and I always repeat! The jewels are of very good quality, the design is beautiful and the service is always great! Thanks for everything and see you next time!
The very nice ring Experience date: November 29, 2022
Good experience Good quality, in a short time I got home and they are very nice and original.
The quality of the jewelry as well as its... The quality of the jewelry as well as its presentation are excellent.
sansaru❤️ Super fast shipping. I had to exchange it because I got confused with the size and they solved it right away. The cute package and the quality of your jewelry makes me continue to shop here. Thank you very much for servicio❤️❤️
Fast shipping Fast shipping, very nice box
The earrings are beautiful and come... The earrings are beautiful and come in a very nice box. It is noticeable that you put a lot of care in each shipment, and it is appreciated. It is nice to open such a beautiful gift.
Beautiful everything ✨ Everything beautiful and arrived super fast , I will order again ♥️
The order has not yet reached me The order has not yet reached me. The company would improve by working against shipping and delivery agency.
The package has not arrived The package has not arrived. It has been delivered to someone else and I am claiming it from you.
Spectacular Experience Date: December 06, 2022
Very good shopping experience I've been buying the jewels since I discovered you in pandemic and I'm super happy! I love the designs, how light they are and I've spoken a couple of times with the team and you are very nice. You are very attentive, you answer any questions and the shopping experience is fantastic. Very happy with your work, thank you!
The product is just as I expected it to be and as it was shown in the picture. The shipping was fast so I am very happy with everything overall.
Good presentation, very happy with the purchase Good presentation, very happy with the result.
To the few stores that I am faithful. It is always a pleasure to buy in San Saru. They have unique jewels, with beautiful designs and incredible quality. I have been buying for years and will continue to do so.
Super satisfactory experience I loved the ring that I received and the detail with which the jewels are wrapped. They look GREAT and are beautiful. I also really liked the solid perfume, perfect to carry in my purse. I am very happy with my gift to myself. I will buy again for sure.
Super elegant necklace Delighted with this necklace. It is super stylish and you can put it shorter or longer. I will continue to buy from this store. Fast shipping. Thank you!!!
Delighted I have purchased many other times and my experience is always good. The designs are stunning, the purchase and return arrangements if needed are easy and the waiting time to receive the package is always on time.
Your precious jewelry Your precious jewelry, your speed of delivery and the kindness of your workers
Very elegant Experience Date: December 06, 2022
The products were as per the... The products were as per the description and arrived quickly and in perfect condition.
Order not received The order has not arrived and after checking the tracking we have proceeded to return it.  Update: San Saru has contacted me via email to let me know that the shipping company has confirmed that the package was damaged. They have offered me the option of a new shipment or a refund. Now yes, I am very grateful for the treatment received.
the earrings are beautiful and of super... the earrings are beautiful and of super good quality!
Fantastic as always Both the jewelry (earrings) and the packaging was fantastic, as always! you can tell that everything they do is with love and care! the shipment was fast and I was warned of any kind of "movement".
Great jewelry Great jewelry, and the order arrived very quickly
my jewelry was perfect as i saw it on... my jewelry was perfect as i saw it on the site! everything perfect! 🥰
As in the previous order.everything has been... As in the previous order.everything has been fast and the way of shipping is amazing,with their little boxes and their little bags.I loved everything!!!!
I love it. Very nice. And well presented.!!!! I will buy more!!!
I will repeat soon! It is not the first time I order jewelry and I am still as excited to receive them! The shipping is fast, the quality of the jewels and the way they come.... Super careful. I don't know if I'm more excited about the jewels themselves or the box, the bag and everything they come with. Thank you very much!
Everything perfect 👌🏼 I am super happy with San Saru. The attention is top quality, they are very nice and put love, dedication and affection to everything they do. Whenever I have a question or a problem, they always respond quickly and give me the perfect solution. Very high quality of the jewels, which also have an elegant and beautiful design, and are identical to the image. THANK YOU for EVERYTHING!!!!!
Delicate and well-finished jewels The jewels are delicate and well-finished. The courier service is efficient.
Excellent quality and service Very fast delivery, with very good quality products (I've been wearing the ring since it arrived and it's perfect) and order prepared with great care and detail. You can tell that there are very committed people behind to give the best quality and service possible.
My experience has been good because they have jewels of all kinds, for all tastes, so that I always find something suitable with my style and way of being. San Saru stands out for its careful packaging and fast and loving customer service.
Jewelry arrives in perfect condition Jewelry arrives in perfect condition, is ideal and precious
Beautiful and elegant earrings I love the earrings and piercings I bought! Also, the shipping process was super fast
I love san saru Second time I order and everything arrives quickly, super nice, with the boxes, the jewels are beautiful.
I love them! Second time I've bought it is the second time I buy jewelry in San Saru. They are beautiful and there is a lot of variety. What I like the most is that they are silver plated, since cheap jewelry gives me skin allergies. I am delighted with San Saru. And at a very competitive price
Everything arrived perfect Date of the experience: November 25, 2022
ENHORABUENA Fast shipping, in very good condition with many little details that make you fall in love. The quality of the jewels is top. Great service.
Thank you very much team I am delighted with both the products I ordered and the treatment I received. I needed the order to be a surprise, so I left them a note to see if they could send it in a different box. They read my request and I am super grateful for that, they are a team of 10! Congratulations on what you are doing and best of luck.
Very careful and quality details I have loved all the things I have ordered. Good quality and beautiful packaging, each jewel fits the reality of the photos.
my order arrived defective my order arrived on time (but it took longer than my previous orders) the earrings that I bought the SESHA EARRINGS (10MM) only one the clasp, closes correctly therefore one of the two that come I can use. and secondly the PACK CHANDRESH, the green pearlite did not appear just this outside and the moon-shaped if it is ok.  Very disappointed with this order, the rest all correct.
SanSaru adikta 100%! - Very fast shipping, with protective packaging. - High quality items, beautiful! - The box was scented, something that is appreciated! - They give you a fabric bag with each order!  A success, you support a national trade and you make sure to buy quality jewelry, no allergies!
Perfect gift Very fast delivery. Very very nice packaging. And the jewel Beautiful!
Spectacular 😍 The order arrived faster than I thought it would, the delicacy with which they prepare the packages is incredible, the boxes and bags in which the jewels come are beautiful, and obviously the jewels themselves are spectacular 😍 I loved it all
They are super nice and fast They are super nice and fast. The design of the rings on the boxes and everything is super nice. A 10/10.
I like the product I like the product. And your attention. But I don't like the courier service you use because they don't call you to let you know that you are not at home and the possibility of leaving it at the neighbor's house as many other couriers do. There are no calls or personalized attention in the courier.
Great Great, as always! I had to make an exchange for size and it was all very fast and very easy. The jewels, perfect, wrapped which is wonderful and super nice!!!!
What I ordered everything very well What I ordered everything very well, the change I made quickly and without any problem.
Perfect! The order arrived very quickly and I love the products! You can tell they are quality.
Excellent quality and product and very fast shipping Very fast shipping, beautiful packaging and super good care. i loved the necklace! I ordered the niti and it exceeded my expectations, much better than I expected. They have more beautiful pendants (the ones I like the most are the ones with little stones) and other products that I think are very worthwhile.
Never disappoints. The jewel is as beautiful as all the ones I have bought and the packaging is amazing. Their customer service is top notch.
Good quality and beautiful everything. Good quality and beautiful everything. I'm in love with every little thing I've bought, it's worth it!
Very good experience Date of experience: November 04, 2022
I placed the order from the canary Islands I placed the order from the canary Islands, it arrived quickly and in perfect condition. They solved my doubts and were very kind. The jewel as expected, beautiful!
The jewels are as they appear on the web The jewels are as they are sold to you. Super fast shipping and very good promotions
Caprichos ❤️👏👏👏👏, bravaaaa
Very good customer service I had problems with the delivery company and San Saru solved it immediately. Nice to talk to them and their quickness to give solutions. Second time I have purchased and the jewelry is beautiful. And it is 925 silver.
You can tell they pamper their products You can tell they pamper their products, fast and careful shipping, the ring we ordered fits what you see in the pictures, very cute, it's a gift for my daughter and I'm sure she will love it.
Everything very nice and the order arrived... Everything very nice and the order arrived promptly!!!'
Very positive Yes. It has fallen too good.
100% recommendable My experience has always been very good. All the orders I have placed have arrived in good condition and super fast. I had a problem with one of the orders and they were very kind and gave me solutions. 100% recommendable
Speed of shipment Speed of shipment - delivery on all orders. Quality - price. I can only use silver, gold or hypoallergenic materials and it is one of the few companies online that offers products at an affordable price for cases like mine. No problem with any of their products and of course, beautiful.
Super delighted Super delighted, great quality earrings at a great price.
Very good quality Very good quality, very fast shipments and good communication
Delighted as always and everything correct! Date of experience: November 26, 2022
I made a mistake with the size of my ring... I made a mistake with the size of my ring and very kindly they solved the change in a fast, comfortable and free of charge way. All a luxury besides being totally in love with my new ring!!!🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
Positve experience The shipping was very fast. The information on the website is very detailed
The jewel is beautiful and super original The jewel is beautiful and super original. The packaging is very nice. The communication has been very good, when they needed to ask me for shipping information. And of course, zero problems to send to the Canary Islands. I am very happy. Congratulations
My trusted web store for jewelry I have ordered several times in sansaru and I will continue to do so because of the service, the speed of shipping and the presentation of the packages. The jewels come in cloth bags inside cardboard boxes and I find them super cute, plus the package box smells great and I think it's a plus for the shopping experience. I love the jewelry, although I do have to say that for the earrings I would like a clip closure instead of the snap closure but I still give them the 5 stars because I love them.
Personal opinion: Trust-professionalism We placed some orders because we fell in love with some pieces at first sight. I do not usually buy online but we will buy again because they arrived with a very neat presentation, on time. It is the first time we have bought and we were afraid, we trusted to see the multitude of people who followed them on their social networks. When we contacted them to ask about an aspect of the order they responded very professionally resolving the doubt we had. The pieces are just like the photo. If they are personalized ( in my case with the name) it requires a little more time, but it is a gift-gift that that person who receives it will value it. Surely we will buy again, so if you are thinking of buying I recommend it.
It arrived earlier than expected It arrived earlier than expected, very well packaged and with beautiful details. The quality of the jewelry is very good, now I have to wear them.
Great I love the earrings, I received them in the right time. The packaging is beautiful.
Everything super nice and good quality Everything super nice and good quality. It comes in super cute wooden boxes and is perfect for gifts.
I always recommend it. Just seeing how your jewelry is packaged, I love it, but when you open it and see those precious jewels :). I never take them off and they don't get ugly at all. So it's always a pleasure to have you back :D
I will keep ordering 😍 I've lost count of the times I've ordered here. Between the fast shipping, the customer service is 10 and the jewelry is PRECIOUS 😍
Delighted with my order. Delighted with my order. I was confused when I ordered the size and they exchanged the rings with no problem.
I bought some earrings of a... I bought some earrings of a little star and the tip of the star is so sharp that it hurts, it's annoying for you and for anybody that comes near you or hugs you. It's a hazard. I have always been happy with SanSaru but the truth is this order was like throwing money away.
Date of the experience: November 15, 2022
Always quality jewelry I love all of your jewelry. I am a huge fan of yours. You never disappoint.
Excellent!!! As always, beautiful jewelry, fast shipping.
I loved it all I loved it all. They are very special and beautiful jewelry. Thank you so much! I hope to be able to buy again soon. Keep making people as happy as you do me, girls thank you!!!! :))))
Regular... I have always been very happy, but in the last 4 orders I have had problems with my jewelry. I'm very sorry but I'm losing a little bit of confidence. So far always 10. And the customer service, great.
Spectacular in every way, apart from being efficient and with beautiful designs...I think you transmit important things such as professionalism, harmony, effort and the taste for things well done.
Very nice jewelry and fast shipping. Date of experience: November 15, 2022
QUALITY AND BEAUTIFUL JEWELRY ALWAYS ON TIME, GOOD DEAL ON THE WEB AND INSTA. BEAUTIFUL JEWELRY, FAST SHIPPING.
They are very nice and the jewels are precious Date of the experience: November 24, 2022
I love it! Very fast, I love the website and their great quality jewelry.
I love your jewelry I love your jewelry, I wish the rings were one size bigger, and the ones that are one size, a little bigger.
Everything is perfect! The pieces are beautiful and the presentation is very good. Also, the shipping was very fast.
The jewels are beautiful The jewels are beautiful, although the earrings I ordered are small, and I expected them to be bigger, I am satisfied. I was surprised that there were rings in my size, as I usually do not find any that fit me. The order arrived very quickly, I will definitely buy again.
Fast shipping and points system The shipment arrived fast (Portugal) and as I had points from a previous large purchase, I got a nice discount :) Plus the team is very nice on Instagram!
I love the way everything is wrapped, just receiving the package makes you want to order more things, I love everything!
The necklace is beautiful and its brightness is of...8 The necklace is beautiful and its brightness is of maximum score, I do not give it 5 stars because the chain at the junction point to make it round is a little different from the video of the girl who advertises it, but other than that I find it elegant for both daily and for a party.
Excellent service Very nice all the products and very good quality. Thank you very much.
Very satisfecha☺️ Excellent, as always!!! 😊
Fast shipping Fast shipping, with package tracking. The San Saru box is great.
A PITY Good afternoon, In this last order, two of the earrings were broken and / or did not close :( a pity.
Because I love their ethnic jewelry... Because I love their ethnic jewelry etc., because they like even the packaging, and aroma and they make it easy for you to make a free solution and communication! Because of everything.
You have very good products and of... You have very good products and of quite good quality.
🔝🔝🔝🔝 🔝🔝🔝🔝🔝🔝🔝
A marvel that I plan to repeat I loved the speed with which the order arrived. Super detailed, with an enviable delicacy. The boxes where each jewel was were incredible and the best, the perfumed touch that the box had. The jewels are another marvel. I would totally buy again because they work with love and dedication. Thank you very much.
Incredible speed of delivery and... Incredible speed of delivery and quality of your products.
Wonderful as always The order arrived in 48h. Perfect packaging as always and the new fabric bags are beautiful. Needless to say the earrings are beautiful.
Very happy Very happy with the products. They are the same as on the web. But the packaging and the care they put in sending the shipment is superior. Thank you very much for giving me back the illusion of receiving a package.
Hello! Hello! The ring beautiful and the whole presentation is very nice . Thank you I will buy again
It's the jewelry that never fails It's the jewelry that never fails. 100% quality you really pay for good quality and incredible designs.
✅I have several little jewels of San Saru ✅I have several little jewels of San Saru, a little of everything and the truth that I am always satisfied with my purchases 🥰🙌🔝, I have also made some gifts and have been very happy and I super happy about it 😉🎁 Especially I have a ring that always ask me for it. That one I don't say where it's from 🤫 hehe! I highly recommend it ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Both for quality, price, originality and customer service. ❌I've only had "problems" with some rings, but I'm sure they will give me a solution.
I bought a pendant for a friend I bought a pendant for a friend. It arrived in two days and in perfect condition. I hope she likes it :)
My experience was fabulous My experience was fabulous. The package had a lot of details and also a special smell... a hit without a doubt. I will buy here again.
I will definitely repeat The delivery was fast, the item arrives packaged very well, and is of great quality.
The earrings do not close, they fall out. The earrings are beautiful but do not close well. The hoop is firm and good but the clasp is not well made. It is of the type to put the bow inside the hoop on the other side: the bow is VERY short and does not close well, they open and the earrings hang. I have to bend and deform them to get them together but they keep opening. Can you contact me to check them, please? Thank you!
Fast and beautiful content For the speed and quality I loved the card that came in the box beautiful message :)  Thank you
Very good quality jewelry Experience Date: November 08, 2022
My go-to for silver jewelry As always easy to order from the web, fast shipping and expected quality. Very happy with the design.
Everything perfect Date of the experience: November 14, 2022
They are elegant jewelry They are elegant jewelry, with simple and beautiful clasps.
Quality and price The shipments are very fast, there is a great variety of jewels and the prices are very affordable, the jewels are very good with respect to quality and very beautiful.
Shopping in San Saru I have bought a few times, mostly bracelets with minerals. They are super nice, thin and with a nice design and nothing loaded. In the shipment is taken care of every detail, they send it in a super cute box in a cloth bag. And they have passed the quality test, I'm with kids and I have not broken any of them! I'm sure I will buy again.
Highly recommended!!! Date of experience: November 13, 2022
Everything great In the first shipment, the jewel came with a small defect, I commented it in an email to the team of San Saru and in a few hours I had the answer, we processed the change without any problem and in two days they had already picked up the defective jewel and I had the new one at home.
I loved it all I loved everything, from the jewelry to the packaging, which is scented ... you can tell when things are done well. The shipping was very fast and also by mrw. Great everything.
Buying in San Saru is always a success Buying in San Saru is always a success, since I discovered them I only buy my jewelry from them. They are beautiful and of great quality, you can tell they are made with love and the detail of the boxes with their little bag inside is great.
This store is wonderful This store is wonderful the two times I have purchased the shipping has been very fast and the jewelry is of very good quality.
I will buy more times I like San Saru because the products are of quality, it has variety and although the prices are a little high, it compensates for the service they offer. The delivery time is short and the presentation of the order is perfect.
Both the delivery time and the... Both the delivery time and the presentation of the jewelry were perfect.
pendant with moonstone Buy a pendant with moonstone. The necklace is much nicer than I imagined, thin and delicate. The chain is a little thin so it arrived with a knot, but I was able to undo it. I had to contact customer service because of an error in shipping and they responded quickly, the order arrived ahead of schedule.
Insecure closure They are very good and the quality is noticeable, however, the hoop earrings that I have received, as the closure does not move, are a little deformed when placed and does not give security of being well closed.
Always great, I met you several years ago and I have all your little jewels intact. On the other hand, your attention is wonderful. Thank you very much for everything ✨💙
The shipping was super fast. The rings are beautiful, I loved them.
The small details make a big difference because of the effort and care you put into each shipment. It is noticeable that you care about the good presentation and protection of the products when we receive them.
Excellent quality price I really liked the quality and how beautiful they are, the photo shows the reality, it is not always like that. Although the bracelet broke because I lost it after a day 😭 but that's not the fault of the quality but well, it must have opened or broken.
Everything great as always Everything fast, and great as always.
I always shop here I always shop here. It's my favorite place to shop because of how nice everything is and the affordable prices. It's great!!!😍
nice and original jewelry are very well I have already bought on other occasions. have an incredible sales image and social networks sweep, the only thing that some jewels for what they are I find somewhat expensive. but everything is very nice
The jewels are absolutely Precious The jewels are absolutely Precious. Even more than in the photos. While it is true that it took a long time to arrive.
100%Good❤ I loved them they are perfect and worth it really the quality is great and the price in line with the market. 100% Good ❤
Highly recommended!!! Date of experience: November 13, 2022
Small errors All correct, but the ring and your photo did not look too much alike. The delivery date although I put the 4th, it was delivered on the 3rd.
Monísimas🌺 Monísimas🌺, enchanted with the jewels, I released earrings, I have some chains left, the order arrived super well and in a short time, well packed in a box, with a delicious perfume that makes them unique and different, the mini box where the jewels come is beautiful, and as a gift a cloth bag, great, wonderful, we will keep in touch, for future purchases, always recommended.
I love Sansaru I love Sansaru! They have some beautiful jewels. This time I took advantage of an offer where they gave you an "imperfect piece of jewelry". I chose to get an anklet and it's so pretty that I still haven't been able to find the imperfection.
Beautiful jewels and Impeccable Service SanSaru jewels are beautiful, without exception! As for the order, the delivery is made as informed and, in this case, I had to change some rings because I chose the wrong sizes, and it was a simple and fast process! Thank you very much!
Delighted I have purchased on several occasions and always great! They have beautiful things! 😍
I am delighted with this brand I am delighted with this brand. Everything always very careful and beautiful. Wrapped with love and detail and very fast shipping. I recommend it 100%.
Very happy, I will buy again! They serve super well, the shipping is fast and the jewels are cute 😍😍😍.
Beautiful and very good quality Experience Date: November 03, 2022
Perfect entry and presentation of the... Perfect entry and detailed product presentation
Unbeatable experience Precious jewels, that feel great. The customer service and delivery service are unbeatable.
In love In love with their jewelry, the treatment by the team, how quickly the orders arrive, how they arrive: the little boxes, the little bags... In love with San Saru❤️
I have bought more than once I have bought more than once. The items are beautiful, the service fast and efficient. Recommended site.
VERY RECOMMENDABLE I have bought a couple of times in san saru and I love their designs. They take great care of the shipping details and their delivery is very fast. In one of them I had to make a change of size of the jewel and they did not take anything to help me and make the change. I will definitely repeat!
I loved the necklace I loved the necklace, much better than I expected! Also the packaging is cute.
Everything great Everything great, beautiful, just as seen on the web and very fast shipping!!!!! Ah and hallowen gift jewel all a detail. 100% recommendable
I loved the earrings. Date of the experience: November 02, 2022
The girls are super attentive and always... The girls are super attentive and always ready to solve any problem, also the jewelry is of very good quality.
Small errors All correct, but the ring and your photo did not look too much alike. The delivery date although I put the 4th, it was delivered on the 3rd.
Beautiful earrings Beautiful earrings, I liked them so much that I bought others for myself, because these were to give away😊.
I love the details I love the details, and the attention they give you ... super formal and also shipping correctly and within what they tell you. The jewelry is of good quality and the design is beautiful.
Great variety of rings with different... Great variety of rings with different sizes for the fingers. I will definitely buy from the store again.
Precious jewels Precious jewels. The packaging is a super cute box. Very fast shipping. I will repeat.
I had to change some earrings and... I had to change some earrings and they were very kind at all times.
Satisfied As always I have loved the... As always I have loved the jewelry I ordered this time, I had to change a ring size and without any problem, they have provided me a lot, I am delighted with this site, the boxes and bags that come with the jewelry are beautiful and especially the targetas a detail, thank you
Superb attention and service Superb and fast attention and service, jewels to fall in love with. It was not my first order and of course, I will continue to buy with pleasure.
Great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Date of experience: October 30, 2022
Beautiful and good quality jewelry. Date of experience: October 30, 2022
Beautiful and an ideal presentation Experience Date: October 18, 2022
Great deal Experience Date: October 18, 2022
Imperfect Jewel I loved the cologne It smells just as good as the packaging and the chain is great I loved the imperfect jewel.
I loved everything! I just received my first order from vosotr@s, I am delighted! The jewel is beautiful, the box in which it came has made me fall in love, super nice! When I opened the box to see its contents I smelled a smell ... oh! how wonderful ... luxury! (I need to know what it smells like .. seriously ..). I loved the details that you have had, all very careful, very nice. I will recommend you without a doubt and I will buy here again, thank you very much!
Excellent product and service Excellent product and service, I am very happy with my jewelry. A delicate style and very good quality. 100 % recommended :)
Always a success The order arrived earlier than expected, very well packaged and beautiful. It was a necklace to give as a gift and it was a success. Thank you
They are beautiful They are beautiful, come super well wrapped and with lots of detail. I will surely repeat.
Beautiful ring 😻 I really liked the ring, it was just as it looked in the photos!
Very good experience, the ring is beautiful, subtle and elegant, and the size corresponds to reality. The price is very reasonable, and the shipping was very fast. I recommend it 100%.
All very good All very good, I love that the package smells so good! Very nice jewelry
I love all your products Experience Date: October 22, 2022
I had dropped a stone from a...I had dropped a stone from a pendant and they quickly picked it up and sent me a new one.... gave me the option of a refund but I did not accept it because I love the necklace...I never take it off.
Great as always... Great as always... great quality and original designs. Fast delivery and very well presented.
I have fallen in love with the little jewels that are in San Saru! I bought rings, earrings and bracelets and I am delighted. Super fast delivery and come in beautiful scented boxes!!!. Thank you
Sunita ring I ordered the sunita ring, and it is much nicer than it looks in the pictures on the web. I had to change it because the size that came out in the cutout was too loose, but the change was made very quickly. Very happy with the order 😋
They are great They are great, both their jewelry and their customer service!!!!
Wonderful, but the sizes are not always right. Everything is great. Beautiful rings and earrings. Very pleased.  But the ring sizes are not always right. I ordered several rings in size 18 and one of them is bigger. Therefore, I can't wear it because it falls off. It is a pity that the sizes do not match.
It is famous Excellent very good
We will continue to buy a lot more. Several friends and I buy here because of the quality and variety of products.
Gorgeous Gorgeous, I discovered them on instagram and I love them, I will buy again 😍.
Great We loved the rings we ordered and the speed with which they arrived! Thank you very much!
I love this store I love this store, the accessories are beautiful and of good quality.
I love your little things, for me, for gifts, for everything! You take care of every detail, and it shows. I congratulate you. Maria M.Z.
The shipping was fast The shipping was fast, the packaging was great because I had to make a change and the box itself had a sticker to close it again. The management of the change was almost immediate and excellent.
They are beautiful They are beautiful, come super well wrapped and with lots of detail. I will surely repeat.
Delighted The deal as always great, I am very happy with the speed of delivery and how well everything is always taken care of!
Happy with the articles, as always :) You are also very detailed and it shows. You even perfume the boxes and backpacks / toiletry bags that you give as gifts, which by the way, I love the smell! I would like to know if I can get the perfume you use. Thank you!!! ;)
A store with beautiful products and of... A store with beautiful products and of spectacular quality. Do not hesitate 🥰
I loved them all I loved them all. I thought 2 of the earrings were larger so it would have been nice to have a visual size reference, but they are gorgeous just the same and I have already worn everything.
Very nice I would like them to be a little bigger in size to be able to wear them on more fingers thank you... Very nice I would like them to be a little bigger in size to be able to wear them on more fingers thanks
The purchase was phenomenal The purchase was phenomenal. The rings I ordered of very good quality and nothing was lacking in detail, from the boxes to the smell. I will repeat for sure 🥰
All correct All correct. Very nice jewel just as I wanted it. Thank you very much!
The best quality jewelry in the world Experience Date: October 03, 2022
Very good and fast service Very good and fast service. 100% recommendable!
Wonderful service I have always had a good experience with San Sari. On this occasion a pebble fell out of a ring and they immediately offered to send me a new one. I for one have sent the damaged one back so they can give it a new life.
Very happy. Fast delivery. Very neat packaging. Very nice jewelry
Exactly as pictured and with very good... Exactly as pictured and with very good presentation
Great service Great service, attention and speed. Also the earrings are super nice
Fast shipping and very nice product and... Fast shipping and very nice product and with a lot of detail! Everything perfect
Just great Super easy to order and arrives right away.
Very happy The quality is very good, as always, all the jewels hold up perfectly to continuous and daily use, they do not get ugly. Delighted with the purchase
Everything perfect Date of the experience: September 20, 2022
I love this store! I love this store!!! 💙 It has variety and tastefully designed pieces. The quality is excellent, just like the care in the details. Totally recommended!!!
I bought two horoscope rings I bought two horoscope rings, one for me and one to give to my sister for her birthday, it was a success! :)
Beautiful jewelry at a good price! Experience date: October 02, 2022
I would buy Buena again! I bought three rings, one of them was too big for me and they exchanged it in a few days. The speed and attention is appreciated.
I love detailed and fast 😍 Date of experience: September 21, 2022
I love all your products Experience Date: March 20, 2022
Since a few years ago... I discovered San Saru a few years ago by a co-worker, we liked it so much that the 4 of us bought something, me a bracelet that is no longer there with a sunflower. The package arrived quickly and in perfect condition. They are very good value for money. Everything is exactly as it appears in the photos. If you have any questions, they answer them right away. Now I am going to give some earrings to a friend. There is always a personalized gift for "that person".
I have been buying your jewelry for several years and I am always delighted. When I have used them for gifts I have always succeeded and I have been asked where I bought them. They are a sure hit.
As always ok! As always, I bought and it arrived right away, everything perfect. In hand the necklace is as beautiful as in the photo.
A brand 10. Fast shipping, the packaging is great and the jewelry quality, original and good price, very happy.
Very fast and good Very fast and good, I will definitely buy again.
TRUST 100% More than happy, I think I can say that I am a loyal customer of the brand, I have bought several times, but this last one is the most important because it is about the reliability of a brand. A year ago I bought a gold chain and for no reason it broke, I contacted customer service and they took great care of me, to the point that they gave me the option of refunding the money or resending me a new chain, when I just wanted to fix the one I already had. This is what makes a brand great, not only the quality of their products, but also their customer service, their quality control and the confidence that comes from knowing that they will solve any incident. Thank you very much girls
Everything perfect and very fast Everything perfect and very fast. Customer service the best!
Delighted with the order The rings are very nice and fit the pictures
The order arrived late The order arrived very late from the estimated date, plus I paid the express shipping to guarantee the date and it was disastrous On the part of san saru they knew because I wrote them and many good words and no solution I was a regular buyer but ... this is over.
Super good, a ten Experience date: September 29, 2022
Excellent, everything is always great, the jewels are beautiful!
Very happy with the order Very happy with the order, the only thing I missed is the gift keychain.
I am delighted not only for the jewels... I am delighted not only for the jewels but for the super careful packaging, the attention to a doubt I had, the speed in which I received everything... I love it and I will definitely repeat
Highly recommended 😊 I buy quite a bit from this store, the jewelry is sturdy and durable and very pretty! Also, I had to make an exchange because the ring size wasn't right and it was suuuuuuper easy and suuuuuuuuper fast! Very good service!!!
Delighted Delighted! Fast and efficient and the jewelry is amazing!
Fast shipping and the cutest jewels Fast shipping and the cutest jewels. In love with San saru
Precious silver jewelry Precious silver jewelry, as always. Whenever I want any accessory I order in Sansaru, I have no other place to buy them.
The pendant is beautiful and the packaging is perfect. Very satisfied
Super happy Super happy, everything arrived on time and very well, the only thing that the outer box arrived broken and I thought it had been damaged something but that goes, all ok.
To repeat always Very fast shipping and beautiful jewelry. It was for a gift and even the note had beautiful details ❤️
I recommend! I can only say that the experience has been great, that the pendant is simple but beautiful and I will definitely repeat the experience with San Saru.
Joyitas Super nice and fast as always. Everything I have bought I have loved.
Very good It is a purchase for Christmas gift and I liked the one who receives the gift has not seen it but I think she will like it. Thank you.
I ordered a necklace and I was surprised for... I ordered a necklace and I was surprised for good, very fine and beautiful!
Precious jewelry The jewelry is beautiful and the shipment is always on time.
Order delivered very fast and very well... Order delivered very fast and very well taken care of. I had to make a return and it was excellent, fast and without any problem.
I am from Italy and I have known this shop... I am from Italy and I have known this shop thanks to my Spanish friend and I have to say it is super. Great quality, very nice rings and earrings at very cheap prices. I recommend this shop!
Everything in perfect condition Everything in perfect condition, excellent quality, original presentation and gift included.
A hit every time I order something Great quality and service. You always receive as shown on the web. Delighted.
The order arrived perfectly and the... The order arrived perfectly and the items are beautiful.
I love this brand I love this brand, all the jewelry I have bought is of the highest quality.
Very nice I had to make a length change and this chain is the one I really wanted. It is very nice. The customer service is 10.
Good quality and beautiful jewelry Experience Date: September 19, 2022
An incredible deal An incredible deal, very satisfied with the purchase.
Great Great! Super fast shipping and everything just as seen in the pictures.
Hello Hello! I loved the little jewels. They are very discreet and pretty. They came packaged in a very cute way in a fabric pouch and a box that is a beauty. Very happy with the purchase.
They deserve more stars than I can give. I don't give more stars because there aren't any, but they would be deserved! The jewels are beautiful with super nice designs and look spectacular. There is a lot of variety so you will always find something you like. In addition to any questions you always explain and talk about the most friendly and cuqui. Of course San Saru has an incredible professional team. I also want to highlight the packing, they always put a lot of attention to detail, everything is always very curious in their boxes and smells wonderful. I would recommend this store one and a thousand times more
Good value for money All the pieces I bought very nice . Super well packed and very fast shipping.
Professionalism 100% Enacantada with every order I place with San Saru, all packaged with detail and information of doubts almost instantly, I will continue to buy my jewelry with them ☺️
I love everything! Date of experience: September 02, 2022
My wife's birthday I got everything perfect, very well packed and very nice jewelry that I bought to give as a gift.
I am delighted I am very happy. Whenever I have to make a gift, I buy in San Saru. Everything is very nice and comes very fast.
Great I have ordered several times and I can't get enough of them because of their beauty and quality, plus the speed of delivery.
I loved them all I loved them all. Good quality and good price. They arrived super fast. I will continue with some more orders for sure
10 out of 10 Always a perfect shopping experience at San Saru, a great store to buy jewelry, great variety and at a great price. Since I discovered this store all jewelry I buy here.
Everything beautiful, as always Everything beautiful, as always, I never get tired of shopping in San Sari.
Serious and formal in orders! Date of experience: September 09, 2022
I love San saru I love San saru! I had a lot of allergies and couldn't wear earrings and now I finally found my earrings! I can't stop shopping, I love it!
TEAM OF 10 Ideal for any gift or self gift; youthful jewelry and the packages are prepared with excellent taste and detail...without a doubt my trusted jewelry store...they never disappoint...I LOVE THEM!
I had a problem with some earrings... I had a problem with some defective earrings and was able to exchange them without any problem. Money back option also available.
Good quality and beautiful jewelry Experience Date: September 19, 2022
Lots of variety and quality Lots of variety, speed and quality! I love them
Precious jewels Precious jewels, a resolute team and a lot of novelties, what more could you ask for?
Good quality jewelry Good quality jewelry, the order arrived super fast in the estimated days and good communication with customer service.
The best ❤️ I have almost all my jewels of San Saru both gold and silver and besides being precious, can not be better value for money ❤️
The best jewelry store The best jewelry without a doubt
Incredible 😍 San Saru is special, it has incredible designs that favor all your looks. Also, it is worth mentioning the treatment of the staff, they always solve your doubts with kindness and in a very short time. I love it, definitely my favorite jewelry store.
The store is great The store is great. The jewels are of very good quality, the details included in the packages are beautiful and it is always an incentive to buy to have a gift. Also, note that with shipments are super fast, both for orders and for returns or size changes. I am always happy to buy here.
Everything perfect Everything perfect, fast shipping, very neat packaging, and smells super good 🤩.
Practically all my jewelry is from... Practically all my jewelry is from San Saru, they are beautiful and of excellent quality, they always treat you super well and they attend you great when you have any questions about any jewelry or about any size, I will continue buying many more.
Jewelry and attention of 10 The jewels are original and of good quality. The customer service is excellent. It is one of my reference jewelry stores.
Delighted with san saru Beautiful jewels of very good quality!!!! I always wear the earrings and shower with them and the gold plating does not go away!!!!
everything correct and always great everything correct and always great. I had a problem with a jewel that broke shortly after receiving it and they sent me another one for free.  A treatment of 10, fast and efficient customer service and beautiful jewelry.
All the orders I have had with... All the orders I have had with them and experiences I am very pleased.
As always As always, great, probably my favorite jewelry brand. You guys are great
Una maravilla😍 joyas preciosas y de... Una maravilla😍 joyas preciosas y de alta calidad.
I have a lot of jewelry from here and they are all... I have a lot of jewelry from here and they are all beautiful and of good quality.
Great, as always, beautiful pieces and super careful presentation of the products. The jewels always come in beautiful boxes and individual bags that smell great. I always repeat.
Good experiences always always respond and try to help you by providing solutions. They are very friendly, the quality - price ratio is very good and they meet the deadlines.
I have loved the earrings are such a... I have loved the earrings are as seen in the photo, and they look great quality, thank you very much, no doubt I will buy again.
Exceptional 😁 I have purchased several times and carry your products daily. Excellent deal and very good quality. Very happy 😁
Great all around very cool jewelry Experience Date: September 21, 2022
100% recommended 100% recommended! Quality jewelry and excellent treatment. Of all my experiences buying jewelry online, in San Saru I always repeat!
Team silver and natural stones I love the little jewels they have, I am team silver and that they use natural stones is amazing. Especially for me being a witch 😉.
The jewelry is beautiful and the team behind the...The jewelry is beautiful and the team behind it is wonderful! I am really hooked on all their goodies!!!!
I love San saru I love San saru, no jewelry to my taste until I met them!
I love SanSaru ♥ I love their jewelry. No problem with them since I've been a customer (more than twelve times I've ordered). And if there is ever any inconvenience, you talk to them and they resolve it with the best of care. The team is wonderful and their jewelry truly CANNOT be found anywhere else, neither this style nor this quality, they are excellent! I encourage you to follow them on insta, which is where I met them and there you find out about all the news and promotions.
I love how they take care of the details in... I love how they take care of the details in every shipment, I adore their jewelry and I think they transmit such a vibe buena❤️ that I will always remain a customer🥰
A wonderful store, reliable, quality jewelry, beautiful and durable. Wonderful to have discovered it
They have beautiful things but the quality is not optimal They have beautiful things, I have bought many times and the customer service is great. However, it is true that I've had problems with about 5 different bracelets/bracelets (they have broken for no apparent reason shortly after I started wearing them). It is true that they have always sent me a new one free of charge, but I still think that the quality (at least of some bracelets) is not as good as it should be. The rings have fit me perfectly as have the necklaces and earrings.
CRAZY FOR RINGS It's not the first time I comment on San Saru. I am a follower since its beginnings and all its jewels drive me crazy. I have to confess that my obsession are the rings. I have more than 20! I love all the new designs they are releasing 😍.
Precious jewels Precious jewels! Very fast shipping
My favorite store to buy... My favorite store to buy jewelry! I love them all and I never know which one to choose, they are all amazing.
Wonderful jewelry Wonderful jewelry, all the jewelry I have purchased is lovingly packaged, still as good as the first day.
Beautiful and quality jewelry They have a lot of varieties and also have great value for money!
Great!!! I love their jewelry and it takes no time at all to receive it. I can't wait to order more
San Saru San Saru offers a great deal. I have purchased several times in this store and the jewelry is quality, I highly recommend it.
I love everything they have I love everything they have! All the jewelry is beautiful and very good quality. The tract they have is super nice. One time I had to change a ring because it was the wrong size and they were super quick to respond and didn't even take 24 hours to send me the new size. I love it💗💗
The best online jewelry store that I know. Always high quality products, besides an impeccable after-sales service. I no longer buy jewelry anywhere else but Sansaru.
I love your little jewels and they always arrive super fast.
Jewelry of very good quality. Very good quality jewelry. All the products I have bought are very good and resistant.
100% recommendable experience I love your products and how beautiful the shipping wrappings are. If help service is very personal and fast, a 10 company!
One of the best jewelry brands The jewelry is of high quality and the packaging is super nice!
Incredible Incredible! I've been buying jewelry here for many years and I'm super happy! Very good quality. You can tell that they prepare it with love and enthusiasm 🤍
It is always a wonder to shop here It is always a wonder to shop here. The jewelry is beautiful and of very good quality, the shipping is fast and the people are always very friendly and approachable.
Magnificent jewels Jewels of very good quality. They can be wet, in water, chlorinated pool, sea water, water with bleach ... and do not spoil. Value for money. Fast and responsive customer service. I have bought many times and will continue to buy.
I bought anklets I bought anklets, bracelets and earrings, all great.
It's a marvel It's a marvel, both the product and the customer service. A 10.
Good service I get a lot of attention. Very happy with the products as always!
Everything perfect Everything perfect, attention to detail, and great quality. When you do things with love, it shows and in this case I could not be more satisfied! I even had a problem with the address that they solved immediately and with great kindness! I recommend 100% to buy here!
I like them a lot I like them a lot, very good quality.
I always buy both for myself and as a gift and it is a sure hit, plus if you have problems with ring sizes or the return of some jewelry is all very easy.
Magnificent store I am delighted with the jewels of San Saru, they are of very good quality. And if any of them arrive defective for whatever reason, they solve the problem quickly. The customer service is superb. I will continue to order without hesitation
Beautiful and durable jewelry It is a wonderful store. Almost all my jewelry is from there. I have my silver collection and another one in gold. They ship to the Canary Islands without any problem and I have not had to pay customs charges even once. The mantita jewelry boxes are spectacular, very complete. The last purchase was made by my husband from his account for my birthday and he was right on target as always, top marks!
Delighted with San Saru, most of... Delighted with San Saru, most of my jewels are from here and do not spoil at all! They usually have promotions where you can save a little bit! And the designs are so cute!
Good, cheap and beautiful I think their quality is very good and their designs are very original and beautiful.
Beautiful products I have bought several products in this store and I have loved them. They are very nice and great quality.
Excellent quality Excellent quality in every way. A luxury to buy in San Saru, good quality products and human treatment, despite being through a screen, is unbeatable. The attention of 10, super friendly
Precious and quality jewelry Experience Date: September 21, 2022
Sansaru Experience I have always ordered jewelry at Sansaru and the truth is that I am very pleased with the quality.
Wonderful jewelry!!!😊😊 Experience Date: July 07, 2022
I love I love all your jewelry, especially the rings. I just bought one for a friend. Very good service, too. I once had a problem with my account and they took care of me/solved it super fast.
Addicted to sansaru💖💖 Experience date: September 21, 2022.
San Saru is 🥰 My first order was 3 years ago. In 2019. Since then I have a lot of earrings, rings,necklaces,bracelets...they are a vice. The designs are beautiful and the attention, shipping, packaging... is 10. I have silver jewelry mostly, and recently a few days ago I bought gold because although I have always been silver with these designs I have been encouraged to have a gold collection. All are of good quality and age without spoiling. Pegas:That they do not have watches 😆, some earrings are much smaller than they look in photos, prices are somewhat high (the collection of 9k not even look at it I think the price is super inflated), and bracelets and necklaces are difficult to put on and remove without help. A total success with the club. It was very annoying to place orders every so often for a high amount, as in my case, and not be rewarded for your loyalty.
I tried their Joyitas with a sweepstakes on... I tried their Joyitas with a sweepstakes on Instagram and since then all my Joyitas are from San Saru and I love them. Everything taken care of in detail.
Great Great, everything in perfect condition with a lot of detail in shipping. Very fast. Looking forward to more stuff.
I love jewelry I love jewelry I love jewelry I wear it every day
Ordered 10 The order arrived great: very fast, super well wrapped, even smells great. I recommend it 100%.
It is always magical to receive a request from... It is always magical to receive a request from Sansaru.
Fast shipping and very good quality products... Fast shipping and very good quality products. I have already ordered a couple of times.
I repeat again and again! I have been shopping in San Saru for years and it has always been great. I am allergic and I can only wear silver things and the truth is that it is one of the few stores I have found that is fast, silver and with designs that I like. In addition, they take great care of the shipments.
It is always a pleasure to shop at... It is always a pleasure to shop at Sansaru. The quality is top notch and the customer service is wonderful.
All quality and beautiful! Date of the experience: September 21, 2022
They are the most precious jewels that... They are the most precious jewels that you will ever find ❤️ and they always make the purchase very special with a discount or a gift in the order!
I really like the site I really like the site. Very original and quality jewelry.
I have been ordering all my jewelry from sansaru for a few years now... I have been ordering all my jewelry from sansaru for a few years now. They work super well, they are very fast at shipping things and also at getting back to you and solving any problems. And the most important thing is that I LOVE EVERYTHING!
Delighted with everything! And the jewels are beautiful. Delighted by double match
All the products I have bought so far great! Experience Date: January 13, 2022
I have bought several times for myself and... I have bought several times for myself and also for gifts and everything perfect.
Very good customer service Very good customer service. Very nice product.
💗🫶 I love it Date of the experience: September 21, 2022
👌🤗 I love this store both for the quality of the products and the designs. They always have a solution if any problem arises and a quick response.
Precious and good quality jewelry Experience Date: June 10, 2022
All my silver I buy on the site... All my silver I buy on the site since I met her, I love everything, great workers, 3 times I took off the pearl of a pendant and I have always replaced it without any problems and super friendly. I love it! I wish they were in Malaga and could work with them are great.
They are the best team They are the best team. The jewelry is beautiful, the price is great, but the attention to detail is the best. The smell of the boxes are beautiful and you can use them for a lot of things, the cloth bag with a beautiful print. Even the box where everything comes in is beautiful. They are the best.
I recommend it 100% I have ordered on several occasions and it has always exceeded my expectations. They are beautiful and the treatment for any questions is wonderful.
I love San Saru I love San Saru, all the jewels, their quality and price are perfect. I love the way everything is packaged, they take care of every detail.
Good professionalism and quality. Date of experience: September 21, 2022
Quality jewelry at good price and best service The shopping experience and service always impeccable as well as their products. Both the silver and gold jewelry are of good quality. I use them intensively and have never had any problem.
I love everything I have bought from... I love everything I have bought from San Saru. Both the quality of the products and the delivery time are excellent and I am satisfied! 🤍
Great jewelry Great jewelry, and orders prepared in detail, receiving it at home is a wonder, very nice everything. The jewels arrive organized in bags and boxes.
Very happy with the equipment Sansaru Super reliable, the jewelry very nice and quality.
100% recommendable 100% recommendable. You can find jewelry for different tastes and sizes, and what arrives has never let me down. I have silver rings and earrings, some with stones, and they have not been damaged by water or use. I love them and they make great gifts!
Many shopping facilities and good quality... Many shopping facilities and good quality!
Whenever I buy in San Saru is... Whenever I buy in San Saru is great, what I order always arrives in good condition, very well placed and with gifts, whether the wooden box or a cloth bag or a backpack. Everything is fantastic!
Very good quality and very nice jewelry... Very good quality and very nice jewelry!
Quality in every way The products, besides being beautiful, are of high quality. Even if you have any problems, the customer service attends you with kindness and promptness. 10/10
Experience of 10 A couple of days ago I received the last order I made and as always I fell in love with the jewels, in addition to the work behind it. I am totally delighted with the San Saru team 💫.
Totally in love Totally in love. All my jewels are from Sansaru ♥️
The most wonderful jewelry store The most wonderful jewelry store, I have been shopping here for a year and I am delighted.
Very good experience with San Saru Very good experience with San Saru Quality jewelry at a good price.
I am very pleased with all the... I am very pleased with all the orders placed at San Saru. All the jewels are beautiful and good. Once I had a problem with one and they told me how to clean it, where to find the products and it is as good as new. So the after sales service is also 10!
Quality products and super beautiful Quality products and super beautiful, highly recommended to buy their jewelry, they are great!
You can see the love and the desire they put into it... You can see the love and the desire they put into it. In addition to having a wide variety of jewels. The truth is that they are very attentive, I have had two incidents and both were solved without any inconvenience. In one case a necklace broke after three months of use, they answered my complaint and sent me a new one. In another case, it was not their fault, but that of the carrier MRW, but they found an effective solution for me.
They are amazing I recommend 100x100 Date of the experience: September 19, 2022
I love it Every purchase I've made with San Saru has gone great; and when I've had any questions, they've solved them on the spot.
Wonderful The jewels are beautiful, the shipping was fast and the service was perfect, I will come back soon!
An amazing place An amazing place, perfect service and all Sansaru products are beautiful. My favorite places to buy piercings.
The jewels are ideal The jewels are ideal! And the gold plated collection is a success, all summer spent on the beach and pool and still intact!
A 10 Every Christmas I make large orders for gifts because they are amazing and have a great variety of jewels. They have always given me very good results, I am delighted.
Precious jewelry They have a wide range of jewelry, they are beautiful and also of a very good quality. I have had earrings for 2 years and they are still in perfect condition! Sansaru is always my first choice when buying or gifting jewelry!
I love your jewelry I love your jewelry! I always come back! The shipments are very fast and they always have some little detail ❤️
I love your jewelry! Experience date: August 11, 2022
San Saru is my favorite brand San Saru is my favorite brand for the variety of jewelry they have, good quality and price. The customer service and speed of delivery is great. I have had necklaces and rings for years and they are still perfect. At most they get dirty but being sterling silver, it is solved by cleaning it with a chamois and they are like new.
Almost all my jewelry is from Sansaru Almost all my jewelry is from Sansaru. They have an incredible quality and I love them!
I love the web I love the web, it has beautiful things, and very well priced.
I have already made several purchases and everything was great... I have already made several purchases and everything was great... I have already made several purchases and everything was great.
I love your jewels I love your jewels! And the orders always arrive very fast
Maravilloso Maravillosos. They serve you great and their products are of good quality.
Excellent😍 The best place to buy jewelry!
The best I love all your designs
Almost excellent I have a couple of necklaces and I had 6 rings, I say had because the sixth one came with a factory defect and the gem fell off. It was a gift for kings so obviously I had no confirmation of purchase, so neither they changed the ring, nor they wanted to fix it paying for it... Except that, the jewelry I bought I love it and I use it with a very high frequency since it has not become ugly at any time, not even getting it wet, not even with hydroalcohol, etc.
I'm a big fan, I like everything.
Quick delivery Orders always arrive in a short time.
Great Customer service is wonderful and the product is super nice.
A 10 X CUSTOMER SERVICE The customer service is a 10, no buts. They also solve and expedite the changes kindly.
I would buy everything they have on the... I would buy everything they have on the website! 😍
Products and attention of 10! Experience Date: September 16, 2022
A perfect purchase A perfect purchase, they meet delivery times and customer service is very good. I had to change some earrings of the order and they solved everything very quickly and without any problem.
Extraordinary Date of the experience: September 12, 2022
I love it I love all the little things in the store and the detail with the customers when it comes to packaging and customer service.
Good value for money Experience date: August 25, 2022
Exceptional Since I met this brand I am in love with all their jewelry and accessories. I have all kinds: earrings, necklaces, bracelets and many rings. I also have the BADE jewelry box. They always take care of all the details, beautiful boxes, bags, and the preciousness and originality of all their jewelry. It is a brand that I always recommend to my friends because it never fails.
It is the best costume jewelry brand It is the best costume jewelry brand , it has incredible things at incredible prices .
Great! Great! Very good buy
I am delighted with both the treatment ... I am delighted with both the treatment received and the design and quality of the jewelry. 100% recommendable
Great The products they have are beautiful and of good quality. The treatment is great.
I have been shopping at Sansaru for years I have been shopping at Sansaru for years, the jewelry is beautiful, and the team of workers is very attentive and friendly.
Jewelry is beautiful and you don't need to... Jewelry is beautiful and you don't need to take it off at the beach or in the shower!
A wonderful website A wonderful website! All the jewels are beautiful and of high quality, I always repeat. Customer service of 10.
I placed an order for some hoop earrings... I placed an order for some hoop earrings, the same day it arrived I put them on and it broke the anchor it has to hold the earring 😥it's a very thin material. And I love san saru, but I did not have a good experience.
Love The pieces are incredibly beautiful and the people who work there are pure love! I am thrilled with this marca❤️
Repeat customer This is the third or fourth time I've bought something from San Saru, and it never disappoints! In fact, quite the contrary. They have changed the type of bags in which the jewels go, the boxes are always different, and as they keep bringing out new jewels, you never repeat yourself. Of course, the jewels are of high quality, they are all the same as when I bought them (the first 3 years ago).
My daughter delighted with her little gift... My daughter delighted with her little gift thank you very much🙂
Everything perfect Everything perfect. The site is super intuitive for ordering and the shipping was much faster than expected. The packaging, presentation and products were perfect.
Good and precious jewels Incredible brand, beautiful and good quality jewels. I'm loyal to their products, a sure hit!!!
Fast shipping Fast shipping, and incredibly beautiful jewelry <3
They are beautiful! They have a lot of charm!
Fantastic as always! Fantastic as always! Lovely people that for any problem you solve it right away, thank you.
I ordered a silver anklet that I wore... I ordered a silver anklet that had been out of stock for a while. When it arrived it seemed thinner than in the photo, but it is very nice, I like it very much. The shipment was very fast, it comes very well packaged and presented, and they also send you instructions by e-mail on how to preserve and take care of the silver. I take a shower with the jewel on and so far everything is perfect.
A beautiful pendant with its little box very... A beautiful pendant with its little box very well prepared . The delivery was very fast. I will definitely buy again!
Very happy with the products and the... Very happy with the products and the attention. I will repeat for sure.
Beautiful and of high quality Experience date: September 18, 2022
Very good Very good, I made an inquiry and had to make a change to an order and they responded to everything pretty quickly.
I love it all I love it all! I have already purchased several times. And I will definitely continue to buy. They take care of everything down to the smallest detail. Even the packaging is beautiful.
very fast and a precious jewel Experience date: September 17, 2022
I loved them I loved them although from the photos I thought the jewelry would be larger.
Very fast shipping and all products... Very fast shipping and all products perfect!
Very good Very good, speed in resolving the changeover
Super happy with my new rings from SanSaru!!! They are gorgeous and the shopping experience has been unbeatable. I had to change a couple of them because the sizes were not mine and it was very easy and with zero problems. I will definitely repeat soon, I recommend them!!!!! 😋😋😋
it's great! it's great! I'm waiting for my order to arrive, everything is beautiful.
As always the shipping and packaging... As always the shipping and packaging is superb, the jewel is a marvel.
The order arrived very quickly and the jewels... The order arrived very quickly and the jewels arrived in their individual bags.
Very disappointed :( Of all that I ordered one has broken as soon as I put it on and the others are impossible to put on and have deformed.
they are great :) Experience date: September 15, 2022
Quality and speed They have a lot of variety and send the order super fast, in 2-3 days I had it in my house, in other pages I had to wait up to 1 month .... The experience was great, the jewels are very nice and look quality.
Very good experience Very good experience, the product is beautiful and of good quality. Perfect service and attention. Delivery in 24-48h. 100% recommendable
The necklace was a gift for a friend, she loved it, we also personalized it with a note and it was reflected in the gift the love and commitment that this brand puts in every detail. The package took less than 48 hours to arrive, everything was perfect.
I needed to make a defect change... I needed to make a defect change and they solved it right away and with very good treatment. I love the quality of the parts.
The clasp of one of the earrings does not fit It is a pity because the earrings (Baruu 10mm) are beautiful but the type of closure and the size of the earring makes closing or opening them an odyssey and even more if one of them does not fit the ends...
Purity and Inspiration Experience Date: September 06, 2022
I will buy again Fast shipping, and "real" silver jewelry. I will buy again
I broke a bracelet I broke a bracelet, and they exchanged it for another one without any problem.
Very nice jewelry Experience Date: September 06, 2022
Lost bracelet I asked for a bracelet not available on the web and I was attended super fast, they gave me the solutions right away. A team of ten.
Always perfect Experience date: September 05, 2022
I loved it. I think they take great care of detail, especially when it comes to wrapping the jewelry, and that seems very important to me. I ordered the Safna ring and had to exchange it for a smaller one. They contacted me right away and the process was very easy. They were attentive and friendly at all times. Maybe the only thing that surprised me was the size of the ring, I was expecting it to be a bit bigger but it is still very nice and elegant. Thank you very much San Saru :)
Everything perfect as always The delivery is always very fast and the jewels are in perfect condition and faithful to the photos on the web. The workers of San saru are a love.
gorgeous!!! both the bracelets and the anklet are beautiful!
As always a 10 As always a 10! The care with which it is packaged, the detail of the cologne, all the jewelry in general that are a delight ... even the cardboard box of the shipment is cute ❤️ Thank you very much for everything! They are great! 💋
The attention received was wonderful The attention received was wonderful. They made a super fast change (the change was my fault) and everything was great. 5/5
Good attention and service I received the order in 3 days. I ordered two pairs of earrings, each comes with a bag and in a box both. Nice detail of a handwritten note with the message I requested. I am happy with the product and service I received.
I got them right away I got them right away. Only two days after I ordered them. Very good experience.
The jewelry is beautiful The jewelry is beautiful, quality and what you see in the pictures is the real product!
The size a little fair The size a little fair. It would be nice if they came in size 21 to be able to wear rings on all fingers. The shipping is very good and the rings are very nice.
Very good deal Very good deal, very nice anklets, they are just as in the photo. I asked for an opinion and they advised me very well. I bought 3 anklets, but I am going to return 1 to change it for another one that I think fits better. Very satisfied with the purchase
Just great! As always, everything is great. This time they have surprised me once again with their packaging: the perfume, the new sachets and the extra gifts... I just love encanta❤️
Very good customer service I had a small problem with the pendant I ordered and they sent me a new one. I loved the little things I ordered.
CHICAAAAS FOR ME THE BEST STORE... CHICAAAAS FOR ME THE BEST ONLINE SHOP!!!! It's all from me just! If you are like that a little "hippie" dressing you have to enter to see it!!!! All good silver and if you want there is also gold plated jewelry if you like gold 🤭 !!!! I recommend it 100% Do not wait any longer and take a look 😘.
great great great！ super recommended store and very good quality jewelry. i fell in love！.
Top jewelry! Beautiful jewelry, super fast service and unbeatable customer service.
The anklet is a great gift. The anklet and the ring and earrings that I bought are very cool, I love them! Also the gift backpack is very boinita and useful. The purchase was very easy and the delivery in two days. everything perfect!
I give them a 10 Great product and customer service 10. I had to make a return and the management was super easy and fast. Unbeatable customer experience, the truth
Everything Everything Great !
Everything great Very happy with the products and the service :)
My experience was 10 My experience was 10, from the moment of purchase. They attend you in a very close way, which makes you feel that you are buying in your neighborhood store or in your town. The jewels are ideal and the warranty and customer service, an outstanding!
The best jewelry store All the jewelry is unique in its design and you can see the quality and love that they invest in them. The packaging is wonderful: ecofriendly and smells great. The customer service is very good. Once I had a problem with an order that did not arrive at its destination and they immediately contacted me to see how it could be solved. The quality-price ratio is one of the best I've seen in jewelry.
The jewelry is beautiful and the returns process is very efficient.
Ring full of black dirt without having been worn. I bought a ring as a little gift for my girlfriend and after two days, without her even wearing it, it became dirty with black stains. I know silver gets dirty with use, but I don't think it's very normal for it to get dirty unopened after two days. You can't expect too much for the price paid, but a little more could have held up without getting dirty.
Unbeatable The beautiful ring, fast delivery and perfect treatment. No doubt, I will repeat
I love all your jewels! I love all of your jewelry! Plus there's always a little gift in the order.... would make my day!!🥰
All the jewels are beautiful and the... All the jewels are beautiful and the people at San Saru are very helpful with any questions.
Delighted! Delighted with my rings, they are just as shown in the photos and also arrived super fast. The packaging is cute (and plastic free), just like the gift bag. Thank you!
Great Great! I don't know how they do it, but their orders have a very characteristic and unmistakable smell. Besides everything is taken care of in great detail.
I really like this store. I really like this store. I have allergies to certain metals and here I can shop with peace of mind, because I know 100% sure that I will not have a reaction when I put on any item from the store. It has always arrived to me in the expected time period and very well wrapped and preserved. They also have beautiful designs.
I love everything about San Saru Date of experience: September 01, 2022
Delighted The jewelry never fails. They are always beautiful, never get ugly, the material is of high quality and the shipping is very fast.
Very pleased I like all the jewelry from San Saru😊.
In love!!! With what detail has come my first order, I did not even expect it! Everything is wonderful😍. I have been so delighted that I have just placed another order☺. I give you all the stars, for customer service, for the love that you send the order and how wonderful are my jewels.they are just as they are seen in the photos.100% RECOMMENDABLE.
Precious jewels and unbeatable service The jewels are beautiful, come super well prepared, wrapped and with their boxes, the shipping is fast and the treatment is wonderful. I had a problem with a promotion in the order and they attended me in an excellent way giving me all the facilities. I will repeat because the design is beautiful and the service is unbeatable.
Excellent for nice touches... Excellent for nice touches with special people :)
It's the best jewelry store I've ever... It's the best jewelry store I've ever bought my earrings at.
It's completely my style It's completely my style, I love everything I'm seeing on the web and I have yet to check the quality of the material, although the reviews look very good!
My first order... Hello, The truth is that on the website the earrings look like one thing and then it really is another, they are very nice but a little thin. On the other hand the anklet that came as a gift has already been broken, I have only been able to put it on one day and that same day I dropped it while walking, it broke and I still do not know how, except that it stayed in the shoe and I did not lose it but I can not put it back on.
The earrings are much smaller than they appear on the page... The earrings are much smaller than they appear on the page... So far they have not been worn... At least the anklet arrived broken.
Delighted Good quality jewelry and they fit what you see.
They are amazing They are amazing, they attended me in a very friendly way and solved several problems promptly!!!! Without a doubt, I will continue to collaborate with my purchases so that your company continues to grow because you deserve it!
Experience Date: August 31, 2022
I ordered two rings and some earrings and I love them... I ordered two rings and some earrings and I love them. They are super comfortable and resist water very well. I will buy more jewelry again without any problem.
Shipping costs I do not see it normal that when I am placing the order they do not charge me shipping costs and when they charge the bank they have charged me 3.99 extra without even notifying me.
Beautiful and good quality jewelry Beautiful and good quality jewelry. I love the design and they stay in good condition.
Delighted I love the little jewels I received, and how they are presented and packaged. I like them for myself and love them for gift giving. Delighted with the purchase 😍
I am delighted I am delighted .... now that I can measure my fingers I will order some more!
Precious and quality jewelry Precious and quality jewelry, customer service is 10, in love with the brand.
Lovely What I bought, so far I love it and the communication with them phenomenal.
Elegant and with an exquisite attention both the product and the presentation has surpassed by far. In fact, I have repeated! Highly recommended.
I love sansaru jewelry I love sansaru jewelry, it's beautiful. I am hooked on the website and I want it all!
I love everything!!! I love everything!!! Arrived super fast and everything wrapped super nice! Thank you so much ❤️
Experience 10/10 Experience 10/10. I have purchased many products and none have been damaged or rusted.
Bad customer service (this time) Unfortunately, unlike other times, this time they have given bad customer service. To make a simple return of an item that was under warranty, I had to contact them up to 5 times to get them to write the shipping address correctly, remind them to process the shipment, and ask them to reimburse me...
Very pleased Very pleased. Very nice
Recommended 100% product and customer service 💕 The beautiful jewelry the super nice packaging was all great, plus I made a mistake when ordering and the girls fixed it right away...in 24h I had it at home, we will repeat for sure, congratulations for the job well done ❤️
Satisfied but there is room for improvement Overall I am satisfied, but I think there is room for improvement. There have been two little jewels that have broken, which indicates that the quality needs to be improved. In addition, they lose color very quickly. On the other hand, I am very happy with the customer service you provide and the personalized attention, as well as the ease of replacement.
They are very well made and beautiful rings Experience Date: July 28, 2022
4 pairs of earrings and a keychain... I ordered 4 pairs of earrings and a keychain of my horoscope. I love the earrings and the boxes that came with them are very nice, great detail. The keychain is nice, but I expected a better quality. I am still very happy.
As always, San Saru is the best choice. Buying in San Saru is a positive experience from the beginning to the end. In this last order I had to make a change, because I had the wrong size in a necklace, and everything was easy. At all times there was feedback with the team (lovely girls, by the way), and the transport company they work with (MRW) is a success. The truth is that this is a pleasure, because not only the jewels are beautiful and of high quality, but the treatment and after-sales service are great.
The order came super fast The order came super fast! The products are very well finished with a spectacular shine!
With the enchanted parts but they seem very thin to me 😓but everything ok... With the enchanted parts but they seem very thin to me 😓but everything ok.
Fast shipment Fast shipment, very good quality product
gold jewelry They are gold jewelry, and the color does not satisfy me too much. It looks like cheap costume jewelry. I don't know about silver, but in regular gold
Very nice and good quality Very nice and good quality. Very fast too.
Undoubtedly the best place to buy... Undoubtedly the best place to buy jewelry
Lovely everything The packaging is beautiful and the jewel is😍.
Repeat purchase of bracelet with chalcedonies I gave me this bracelet because it is beautiful and once I saw it on my wrist it was clear that I would buy it again to give it as a gift. The quality of the stone is fantastic and the silver setting is delicate and excellent.
Wonderful I really liked the jewelry. I am delighted with the brand, I plan to repeat many times.
I love this store and everything they... I love this store and everything they have! And good quality
Everything amazing 😍 you guys are the best!!!!! Date of the experience: July 26, 2022
San Saru IS ALWAYS GOOD San Saru is ALWAYS perfect, the jewels are beautiful and I love them, they are a sure hit as a gift. In addition, they take care of even the smallest detail and you can see the love they put into them. I have already bought several times and I will always repeat. THANK YOU FOR MAKING SUCH BEAUTIFUL THINGS ❤️
In love with my jewels In love with my jewels. Without a doubt I will repeat ❤️❤️❤️
Super attentive Super attentive. It was a change and they took care of us very quickly and the package arrived in less than 3 days.  Thanks for everything once again
I like the jewelry a lot a 5 star Experience Date: July 25, 2022
Preciosas Preciosas, and my sisters have loved them.
The jewelry is beautiful and of good... The jewelry is beautiful and of good quality.
Wonderful as always Wonderful as always! I got my size mixed up when placing my order and within hours they sorted it out and the order arrived the next day!!!! They are so kind and reliable..... The San Saru experience is without a doubt one of the best!!!
sansaru🤩 I love all sansaru🤩 jewelry Elegant, modern and stylish!!! I recommend them to you!
Great The jewel, the packaging, the shipment... Everything perfect
I loved my pendant I loved my pendant, it is very pretty and you can tell it is made with care.
Product in bad condition The bracelet arrived broken which means that they do not check the orders before sending them.
I love it I love it, it is one of my favorite stores.
Perfect fit Perfect fit, very nice, just like in the pictures
Everything arrived perfect Everything arrived perfect! The jewel, very nice :)
Correct They came very well packaged. They are beautiful.
Extraordinary Extraordinary, as always. Since I discovered this jewelry brand, it is my number 1.
Looking forward to repeat! Very happy with the order I placed! It was a success to buy a gift in San Saru, and my friend is delighted! I will definitely repeat; I love the style, delicacy and love with which your jewelry is made. The size is ideal and the quality is good, just as you can see in the pictures. The shipment arrived very fast too, in a beautiful box and a gift bag.
Insuperable Always delighted with San Saru orders, the perfect jewels, the packaging awesome, nothing bad to say, as always encantadisima. ❤️🥰
Super nice jewelry Super nice jewelry, arrived on time in a prefumadisimo package. I will surely place another order.
My experience has been very favorable My experience has been very favorable, fast shipping with very good presentation.
I ordered a turquoise jewelry box but... I ordered a turquoise jewelry box but when it arrived the color was nothing like the one on the website (it was green, not turquoise) so I requested a refund. A courier company picked up the package back, and San Saru refunded the amount of the product, not the entire order. I admit that it says so on the website (that they do not refund the shipping costs) but it doesn't seem right to me. I don't think I will buy there again.
Live awesome Live awesome , very careful and beautiful packaging I got one ring size wrong and they quickly sorted me out by sending me the right size and at the same time picking up the wrong ring .
Original and a bit expensive I often buy gifts here, there is little variety and the prices are not very affordable. But they are original and cute.
Precious jewelry Precious jewelry, the package arrives made with love. Good customer service. For me a 10 in everything.
I have placed two orders with you I have placed two orders with you. The first one was very good and I am delighted with my jewelry. In the second one among other things I bought some earrings and the photo led me to confusion about the size and I have to make a change.the response has been fast and very good.
Everything perfect! Everything perfect!!! I can't say any other cosa☺️
I have ordered several times and always great... I have ordered several times and always great and fast. The packages are very neat and in the last order I asked for a change and they made it very easy. I spoke to them by mail and they couldn't be nicer. Delighted
Bracelet sumana bracelet low quality I have bought several times in this san saru. I bought a bracelet that broke several times and finally decided to buy it again. History has repeated itself (broken stone and chain also with only 7 days of use) when I contacted customer service they explained to me how the silver is etc. but they are not going to fix it. Honestly, if I trust the brand to buy the same bracelet again but I see that the quality continues to fail, I write to them and I have to fix it myself, paying what the bracelet costs... it leaves a little to be desired. In my opinion they should improve the quality.
All very fast, no surprises and very good presentation of the product.
The order arrived in perfect condition The order arrived in perfect condition. You take care of every detail. You can tell that you do it with all the love in the world. I loved the smell of the package once you open it. Congratulations on your work.
I love it! I love it, I think all the jewels are beautiful!
Great They made it as easy as possible for me to change my size and I couldn't be happier and more grateful. Fan of your products!
Unbeatable attention It is not the first time I buy in San Saru, I love their jewelry and the attention and delicacy with which they send and treat them is spectacular. They have even given me the solution to extend a bracelet for my boy! I am so grateful! Thank you, thank you, thank you!!!
Contenta😀 I was recommended by a friend both the site and the jewelry I bought and great 😀.
Very good Fast shipping, good customer service for exchanges and questions. Beautiful products.
Wonderful jewelry Wonderful jewelry Wonderful jewelry. fast shipping, reliable seller and great prices!
All perfect!!!! Date of the experience: July 20, 2022
Very good experience! Great quality jewelry, designed and manufactured with delicacy. In addition to offering very good customer service. I will not hesitate to continue buying in your store!
I love the things that I order I love the things that I order, they arrive very quickly, if there is a problem, they solve it right away. I really like to buy from this store
I will repeat for sure! Beautiful jewels (I like everything!!!!), and an unbeatable presentation, the boxes are beautiful😊, and when you open the box it smells super rich! I will repeat for sure!
I have been waiting for more than a week for the...I have been waiting for more than a week for the order and nobody gives me an answer as to where it is located.... a disaster.
Very happy with my purchase Very happy with my purchase. Everything was delivered very quickly. Also, I had to change the size of two of the rings and they took care of my request in a very effective, efficient and fast way. They are wonderful.
Punctuality guaranteed Excellent! I ordered a birthday gift at very short notice and paying the express service they were very punctual. Excellent product, perfect decoration and package.
Excellent From the initial purchase to the exchange process (we made an exchange on the initial purchase) there were no glitches and they came to pick up the product and bring the new one. Great
A spectacular experience A spectacular experience. The shipping was quite fast and when you receive it you can see how they take care of every detail. The boxes in which the jewels come in are very nice, plus each item comes in a cloth bag that will serve to keep it and prevent it from getting damaged when you are not using it. The jewels are of excellent quality as well as being beautiful. I will definitely repeat when I have to make a gift or give me a treat. 100% recommended
Delighted! A quality and beautiful product! In addition to a good website, shipping facilities and consistent costs (even to the Canary Islands). And what's more! The care in shipping and packaging is very noticeable, each jewel in its bag and all in a very nice box. I wish more stores like this, you can tell when there is love in what is done.
Total quality Total quality. Punctual and beautifully presented. Fan forever!
I love it! I love it, I think all the jewels are beautiful!
10/10 My first experience ordering from San Saru was very satisfactory. The packaging was beautiful, second to none. And the jewelry fit perfectly with what I expected. I will definitely come back again.
Great Super fast shipping and the jewels are beautiful. I will buy again.
Always delighted with your little jewels Date of the experience: July 16, 2022
Very nice although transport very... Very nice although transport very informal
Unbeatable service I had a problem with the courier company that was in charge of the shipment and they solved it very quickly, totally recommendable!
The bracelet is super nice The bracelet is super nice, and I had a little problem and they changed it for me so customer service super good too. Regards
I really liked the product that... I really liked the anklet I ordered, now I hope it has good resistance!!!
Beautiful jewels Beautiful jewels! I received them very quickly!
Always out of 10 Experience Date: July 15, 2022
The earrings that I have had for years have not lost color or broken, so it is a brand that I always think of when I need some jewelry.
It's beautiful and everything is super fast and... It's beautiful and everything is super fast and perfect.
Beautiful jewelry at a great price The jewelry is super nice, I love it, it arrived super fast.
The order arrived the next day The order arrived the next day, very fast and perfect. I ordered two beautiful anklets that I really liked. Very happy!
Order delivered on time Order delivered on time, with a very neat packaging and even smelled great. I will definitely repeat.
encantanda con Sansaru They are fast and the jewels are just as they appear on the web.
I am super happy with the purchase... I am super happy with the purchase made in San Saru, both the earrings and the personalized necklace. I will continue to buy. Thanks girls 🙏🦋✨🌈
I've been wearing the jewels for a little while but they look... I've been wearing the jewels for a little while but they look very good quality, super nice! I am delighted! I do not take them off at all! And the order arrived super fast!
I was disappointed to see the size... I was disappointed to see the size of the pendant.
I love it!!! I'm so mad at the Sansaru team.... They have created a need for me that I didn't have before 😂!!!!! I love everything. All the little jewels. How they prepare the order, how fast it is. How easy they make it. They always answer any questions or messages you send them via insta. The smell..... Thank you so much Sansaru!!! 🙏💕
The order arrived on time and in perfect... The order arrived on time and in perfect condition, it is a beautiful ring as it appears on the web. The box where it was stored is very nice and a nice detail. I will continue buying.
Excellent <3 As always when I order something, everything packed with great care and detail. The shipments and deliveries very well organized, tempos and excellent tracking (as they say at the time of purchase). The rings and necklaces are just like the photo and description. In my opinion (I have made 3 purchases) everything has always gone perfectly. I will buy again and recommend for sure! Thank you!
Every detail and presentation Every detail, beautiful presentation and very good shipping, it arrives super fast. 100% recommendable.
Super good Super good! I bought an anklet bracelet as a gift and received it in 24 hours. The bracelet is very nice, it was a great choice. I would definitely recommend this store
A very friendly and close treatment A very friendly and close treatment. It was necessary a change and everything was easy. Thank you for everything
Great service and quality product... From the order I placed I had to change two of the jewels for two others that were more suited to what I wanted and as always, I have been given all the possibilities to make the change. The jewels are always well presented and the attention is close and fast. Of course I recommend each and every one of the jewels that San Saru presents us. I have been buying them for 5 years and I like them more and more every day.
wonderful jewels wonderful jewels wonderful jewels, I love them. fast service. beautiful presentation.
Un trato de 10 y las joyitas... Un trato de 10 y las joyitas preciosas.repito siempre porque la calidad es 👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼Recomiendo 100% esta tienda online
Excellent management and customer service... Excellent management and customer service. I have purchased products from you on several occasions and have always been satisfied with the purchase, quality and prices. The last time I had to make in the same order, rafter and return for the size of some rings. I contacted them and the person who answered me very kindly detailed me the whole process. The management and resolution the truth is that it has been rewarding and very fast. I will buy again because for me San Saru is an online store of total confidence. Thank you San Saru team! Suggestion: In the gift bag for purchases over 45 € I would add a velcro hook to keep it closed.
Perfect The order was perfect. Everything arrived quickly and in good condition. We love ze san saru jewelry.
Precious They have a unique quality and design. You choose them through an image, but they do not disappoint when they reach your hands; on the contrary... they like them even more.
The jewels are super nice! The jewelry is super pretty and super fine. They look so good! I just love them!
Defective order. I placed an order of which, a pack of earrings came with a defective earring clasp. The clasps look weak and it is difficult to hook and unhook them easily, they are quite stiff. I sent an email to let you know and received a reply the other day asking what the specific item was, after replying it has been a week and I have not received any response. I hope I get a refund or some kind of solution soon.
Very nice jewelry Very nice jewelry, good quality, spectacular. Also very fast shipping and very good customer service, the truth is that I have no complaints.
Delighted🥰🥰🥰🥰 Experience Date: July 09, 2022
I arrived super fast, in two days... I arrived super fast, exactly two days, in perfect condition with a super nice box for my collection and a very nice smell, with a bag each thing, I have ordered several times and I am delighted, and any questions are resolved quickly and friendly....
San Saru ... a guaranteed success I have already bought several times and I love it. Besides always getting it right with gifts for young people, the management of orders, shipments and telephone support is simply fantastic, which makes shopping easy and serene. I continue to buy things from them, even from overseas, because they never let me down.
Quality bracelets Very nice silver bracelets, necklaces and anklets. They always have novelties and also a lot of variety. Deliveries are very fast and they have a lot of offers.
Quality and precious! Quality and beautiful jewelry! I already have many!
Fast shipping and beautiful item Experience Date: July 08, 2022
I bought some hoop earrings I bought some hoop earrings, in size they are just as I wanted them and have not given me allergy as it always happens to me. They are of good quality.
All great!!!! Date of the experience: July 08, 2022
All great I bought several rings and they are great. Unbeatable quality, price and originality. I love everything you have. In addition, the purchase process is easy and orders arrive super fast.
Incredible Incredible They're a beast, super attentive. Fantastic quality. 100% recommendable
I loved them I loved them! I was looking for nice earrings that I could wear every day and I finally found them, they feel quality and the price seems very reasonable. I have atopic skin so I have to wear earrings that are sterling silver if not I get a reaction and these are a wonder. The shipping was fast and the packaging was very nice, the earrings came in differentiated bags. I will definitely repeat!
Everything great!!! All great!!!! Delighted with my purchase
Excellent customer service I made 2 purchases and I am very satisfied with the products. With 1 bracelet I had a problem and they solved it without problems and with the best attention. I will buy again.
It is a wonderful brand It is a wonderful brand, besides having a very good quality, presentation and speed of delivery, they are always very nice.
Everything perfect and very fast Date of experience: July 07, 2022
Amazing as always Always super pleased with everything as expected.
Everything is great, you guys are a marvel! Everything great, the perfect packaging, the card with the super nice text and the order as expected. Super happy with San Saru!
Great Great. Everything super nice, quality and you can tell they put love in every order they prepare.
very good Everything great, and the items are very nice and of high quality.
Everything perfect As on previous occasions everything perfect. From delivery to the product, which never disappoints. The earrings were a gift and caused a sensation. Thanks to the San Saru team
Beautiful jewels The jewels are beautiful and arrived very quickly! Very happy with the order
San Saru ... a guaranteed success I have already bought several times and I love it. Besides always getting it right with gifts for young people, the management of orders, shipments and telephone support is simply fantastic, which makes shopping easy and serene. I continue to buy things from them, even from abroad, because they never let me down.
It's great It's a fantastic company and everything has always gone very well with them.  They respond quickly and kindly to all your questions.
I loved the jewelry I loved the jewelry and they are very professional.
Great Very fast delivery
Great Great, as always! Super attentive and pleasant. To repeat without a doubt!
The images do not reflect how the... The images do not reflect how the jewels are in reality. In the image they look more robust. In reality they are fragile and small. They are pretty but not what I expected.
Great every experience The jewels are ideal, if I have ever broken any of them, their warranty is always taken care of. Very satisfied.
CHANGLA Hello, The rating is 5, but I have to make a small or big observation. The jewels are very nice but I have to say that I have bought and returned and received back a CHANGLA bracelet that has barely lasted me several hours, the knots come undone and therefore the balls that bring at the ends are lost. This valuation of 5 you deserve it for the exquisite treatment that you have towards us customers. I hope you can improve this little problem. Greetings ☺️
Excellent as always! Date of experience: June 27, 2022
Everything arrived perfect as always and... Everything arrived perfect as always and the packaging super cute <3
Gorgeous and very elegant Gorgeous and very elegant. They exceeded expectations. The detail and care with which they are prepared made me fall in love.
Perfect order. Perfect order. Very well taken care of as always. Thank you girls😘
I love San Saru! They have beautiful silver jewelry. The service is excellent and the products take no more than three days to arrive at their destination. I usually do a lot of shopping and I am delighted.
Everything perfect Everything perfect, the product is spectacular, the delivery is fast and smooth and the packaging is super nice :)
Excellent Hello, my experience has been very good. Excellent attention from the team to any questions, speed in shipping and best of all, the presentation of the package, which comes in a nice box and in cloth bags.
Nice and subtle earrings Nice and subtle earrings. I think the packaging is great.
Happy 100% Delighted with the jewels. They always have great deals and cool giveaways. The customer service is wonderful.
I love them all!!!! I love them all!!!! I also had questions about the materials and sizes and they took two minutes to answer me. So exceptional customer service and the jewels are beautiful.
I love it 🤩. Date of experience: June 27, 2022
Very happy with the order The necklaces and bracelet that I ordered are beautiful, the design of the jewelry itself very elegant and beautiful. The natural stones are great, I was delighted with the order. Also the presentation in a wooden box is a great detail, and the speed with which the order arrives. I am very happy !!!!
Enchanted with the brand and above all with... Enchanted with the brand and above all with the customer service, very modern designs and any questions you have you answer immediately, I am a regular customer and I highly recommend the brand.
The bracelet fell off the beads... The bracelet fell off the beads right away and the earrings became dull and very difficult to put on.
Preciosas Preciosas, just as they look on the web. Delighted. I totally recommend it.
Delighted with the products Date of the experience: June 26, 2022
Great customer service Great customer service, fast shipping and beautiful jewelry!!!!!
I love San Saru! All the jewels that I bought are beautiful, except for some tiny earrings that were somewhat weak and I broke the stick shortly after using them, the other durable jewelry and good quality.rapid shipments (I live on an island, 3 days maximum) I love the details of the packages, the bags where the jewels are cute and the boxes also and the detail of the cloth bag, Top!
I loved the jewels I loved the jewels, they are very beautiful and original.
Fast delivery and package made... Fast delivery and package made with very good taste. All the jewels are beautiful. I will be placing another order soon.
I love it 😌 I repeat buying here because I love it, I am very happy with the variety they offer, the quality and price along with the confidence of being able to buy online and the wonderful treatment from the beginning.  The pampering that is contagious along with the illusion of catching something much more power and the desire for it to arrive soar!  When the order arrives; again follows that illusion for how you receive it; always lots of little details and no doubt where will be your next purchase, I already have the following in the cart 🙊 I recommend it a lot and I appreciate that they make it so special 🙌🏼🙂💕
Great experience, I will repeat... Great experience, I will repeat for sure! Great service, the details and the jewels are... beautiful!
I have not received the order I have not received the order. In the MRV application it says that it has not been delivered because the address is not correct, but no one has contacted me. I have checked the address you have and it is correct, in fact I have already received more of your orders. I hope you solve it soon and I will receive my order. Thank you very much.
Sansaru is simply WONDERFUL Sansaru is simply WONDERFUL. I received the decorated box, a beautiful fabric gift bag, a little card with super nice and motivating words, a beautiful wooden box and inside my little jewels, each one in a small sansaru fabric bag. Not to mention the super 3x2 offer I was able to enjoy. My precious jewels (I really want to have more xD, because they are so beautiful ...), I gave my mom some earrings and she was delighted. They take care of even the smallest detail. SANSARU THANK YOU VERY MUCH!!! <3
Honestly the reality of the jewels... Honestly the reality of the jewels has nothing to do with the pictures, in the pictures they look bigger and more beautiful than in reality, also the chains look thicker and more secure in the pictures but in reality they are very thin and look fragile. They are very nice jewelry but for me it's not the only thing I'm looking for, so I don't know if I will buy again.
I love it! :) I wanted to order a single earring for a piercing so I contacted them by mail and they gave me the opportunity to do so. I didn't get to do it because I liked the earrings so much that I ended up ordering the pair. I was delighted with the earrings!
Solucite the delivery by post and it came by courier, the rest was perfect... Solucite the delivery by post and it came by courier, the rest was perfect.
Great Great Great , I loved them and the presentation 🥰🥰estupenda.
Incredible jewelry Incredible jewelry, both in quality and design. San saru has become my favorite brand of silver jewelry.
The bracelet fell off the beads... The bracelet fell off the beads right away and the earrings were very difficult to put on.
Both the purchase process, the shipping (super fast) and the jewels .... a real marvel!  I have already bought several times and I will repeat for sure.
A little delay in delivery A little delay in delivery, but due to the fault of the delivery company. Lucky they were for me and not a gift as it was quite delayed. The jewelry, as always, very cute and very fine, good quality.
Incredible All my jewels are from San Saru. There are several that I have lost and bought them back. The quality and how precious they are is amazing 💖 thanks to all the team.
Very good quality Very good quality, fine and original.
I am delighted with my order I am delighted with my order, it is just as it looks on the web, very good quality.
Regulinchi Hi, I have bought several hititas on your website and have been happy until this last order. I bought some piercings and I thought it was a good idea to buy the snap fasteners without nut, well, one of them I can't even put it on, when I put it on it falls off, it seems to be loose and I don't want to risk losing the earring. The other one fell off the first night when I slept. I thought about whether or not to answer the email because I didn't want to give you a bad rating since everything has always been ok, but in the end I decided to fill it in so that you are also aware of what is going on and you can improve it. It is not, really, a criticism, it is a comment for improvement. I love your style and the little boxes in which the orders come in are so cute. Thank you very much for everything and sorry for the score but I was really disappointed when I received the order.
Jewelry web fav💙 As always, my favorite jewelry website.
Easy and clear shopping on the web Easy and clear shopping on the web. Fast shipping. And the little jewel a preciousness and just as described on the web, and at a very reasonable price. I have no complaints... Everything perfect
Quality jewelry with charm Everything you have is cute and quality, it is not the first time we buy from you and will not be the last. It was a gift for a birthday and she fell in love.
The jewels and delivery time of 10! Experience Date: June 22, 2022
A bracelet for my mother I bought a silver bracelet for my mother's birthday and it arrived very quickly. It is beautiful and the packaging smelled great. Thank you very much, she loved it and I did too.
Very happy Very happy, arrived in a week.
The stone fell out of one of my... The stone fell out of one of my rings. I inquired about the warranty and they got back to me right away. I got my favorite ring back and in record time. Super happy
Very satisfied with the purchase Very satisfied with the purchase. They are quality, minimalist pieces. Small but nice.
Very good service Very good service from the San Saru team, both for the speed of delivery, as well as for the care that everything came. In addition, I contacted them later to ask them questions and because I had not been right with the size and they gave me a thousand facilities to make changes. I am very happy with the service I received and the jewelry is super nice.
As always a super experience... As always a super good experience with little jewels that make you fall in love.
Exceptional Very happy with my purchases, the jewels are beautiful, the shipping is super fast and if you have to do some paperwork in customer service, better impossible. Without a doubt for me a 10. Thanks for everything!
Very nice Very nice, good quality is appreciated. I will surely come back to order some more
Wonderful experience! Beautiful items, well made and true to the photos. Also, the shipping time was super fast. Super satisfied, I will definitely buy again!
As always great, taking care of the... As always great, taking care of the details with love, fast delivery and quality.
Experience of 10 out of 10 Experience of 10 out of 10, no complaints, thank you very much, my jewelry is beautiful and its little box is ideal !!!!
I am delighted I am delighted, everything very well, very nice jewelry and fast.
I love your jewelry I love your jewelry, it's beautiful, with lots of variety and color! I love everything I have bought in San Saru. You guys are great, thank you! 😘
Wonderful customer service My last order was placed by Sansaru because in the previous one one one of the parts was in bad condition. They have taken care of the shipping and replacement of the product in record time. The quality of customer service is spectacular. They are very good for the quality of their products but also for the human quality of their work team.
I love them. It is always a good idea to buy their jewelry. I am in love with them
Wonderful jewelry and wonderful customer service. I wanted something very specific and they had all the patience in the world to guide me and offer me what I was looking for. Thank you so much!
Quality and excellence at a good price The jewels are beautiful and of very good quality, I wear them every day and they stay perfect and shiny for a long time. You can wear them all day perfectly without any fear of getting them wet. It is definitely my favorite jewelry store!
My experience has been 10 out of 10 throughout the... My experience has been 10 out of 10 throughout the process. They solved my doubts before the purchase and delivered the product ahead of schedule. I was always informed by email of the status of the shipment and the treatment has been very close and personal. Personally I find the products beautiful. I also find the website very nice and with the functionality expected from an online store. Very grateful to the people who attended me and very happy with the purchase.
Everything perfect Date of the experience: June 17, 2022
Very good quality! Date of the experience: June 17, 2022
They are always beautiful, they always arrive on time and if something happens, they always take care of you... They are always beautiful, they always arrive on time and if something happens, they always take care of you. I've been buying from them for two years now and I'm delighted!
Very nice earrings Very nice earrings, but one of the earrings was broken the clasp :(, I still wear them 😁. Fast shipping, less than what the website indicates. Great😄
You are always very original and the fact that the dedications are handwritten is wonderful, just like the jewels.
Fits perfectly Fits perfectly, it is very nice and thin. It didn't take long to arrive and ideal packaging. I will buy again without a doubt😍.
Wonderful experience! Beautiful items, well made and true to the photos. Also, the shipping time was super fast. Super satisfied, I will definitely buy again!
Very nice everything. Delighted with my first order.
I love it! I loved both products. The anklet although simple, looks great and the clasp for necklaces is quite handy. The delivery was super fast. I love this brand.
Beautiful, I will repeat very nice and worked jewelry at a good price. The boxes and packaging beautiful. Everything perfect, I will repeat.
Everything perfect🥰 Everything perfect, the earrings are beautiful, very good quality. Very nice presentation, in a wooden box and in individual bags. Very fast shipping
Precious I love your little jewels, they are precious and the packaging with much love. I recommend
All perfect All perfect, well packaged and arrived as I was told great bracelet and ring 💖.
Hundred percent recommended Hundred percent recommended Intuitive and simple website Perfect communication Quality product and perfectly described I will definitely buy again.
Always very satisfied with the orders... Always very satisfied with the orders I have placed. Very effective in shipping all the way to Germany. And happy with the quality of the products.
They are great I had a problem with a bracelet I ordered and it arrived in bad condition, which had never happened to me before and I have bought quite a few times (that is, it is not usual). After contacting San Saru they did everything necessary for me to end up having my beautiful bracelet in perfect condition. They couldn't have made it easier for me and they made sure that I finally got it right! They have been charming, dedicated and extremely kind, which is rare. Wonderful to buy from them.
Everything beautiful Everything beautiful. And the spectacular presentation
Excellent service Excellent quality jewelry with beautiful designs. Super shipping, arrived in Germany in 3 days. Highly recommended.
Beautiful jewels Beautiful jewels. And very attentive as I had a mistake in the shipment. Thank you very much! I will buy again.
Very positive experience The delivery service is great and the jewels are beautiful 💖.
Wonderful Material very good and taking great care of the details in the packaging. I will definitely buy again
Everything great Everything great, I had to do a ring size change and very quick and easy.
Fast and agile communications Fast and agile communications. And of course, beautiful, quality jewelry.
I will repeat for sure Everything great! The ring is beautiful and the whole process of purchase and shipping has been fast and agile. I will repeat for sure. Thank you.
You guys are great! You guys are great! Super careful packaging with a super fresh perfume! I've been a fan for years, I will continue to choose you for my gifts
As always As always, all good. Thank you.
a 10 in customer service and a 10 for the product ❤️ Date of experience: June 08, 2022
I liked the attention and interest... I liked the attention and interest in making sure everything went very well, and it did.
Very nice and fine Very nice and fine. She loved it.
The jewels are beautiful but the transport company and the communication between the company and the transport is very bad. The precious jewels as always, I can't like them more. I give them two stars for the delivery in question, as it lacks interest. They call me in the morning that they have the package and I tell the person who calls me, that please the shipment is from 15:00, to which he answers me, that he does not work in the afternoon and that he would pass it to the next shipment the next day. The next day they call me from San Saru and I tell them the same thing, that please the package is delivered from 15:00 and that if for whatever reason in the afternoon, I was not there, they would leave it to the doorman. The next day I receive a call at 9 am, I can not answer the call because of work, and I call after 5 minutes and no one picks up the phone, I insist several times but I receive no answer. I spend the whole afternoon at home, thinking that the package would arrive since we had arranged a time, and I receive nothing, neither call nor package. I call the doorman the next day, already desperate and it turns out that the package had been delivered the day before at 9:30 in the morning, and no one told me anything, neither San Saru nor MRW who was in charge of delivering the package. The truth is that I love jewelry but their delivery people or transport companies leave much to be desired, so I will think again to buy something else.
The order arrived on time and the jewel... The order arrived on time and the jewel divineaaaaaaaaaaa
Delighted! It was the first time I used this site. I had been looking for it for a long time and finally I decided to place an order. It arrived quickly and in perfect condition. I am delighted. I won't hesitate to place another order soon and I already have a few more buddies to join as well.
Very good experience Very good experience, I wrote to them because I bought some earrings and after a month the stone came off one of them and as soon as I contacted them they gave me several options and I decided to send me a new pair, everything very fast and exquisite attention.
Super happy with the purchase Super happy with the purchase! The jewelry is beautiful and the communication with them for anything is very good and fast.
Enamorada Incredible. You can tell the love they put into each order, the packaging is the best. In love with my little jewel and the brand 💖.
Hola,las joyitas son preciosas la... Hola,las joyitas son preciosas la verdad que me gustan todas y es difícil escoger,pero dando mi sincera opinión el anillo de las fases lunares es muy blando y se deforme,la verdad que solo me paso con ese,os lo digo para una posible mejora.Un saludo desde galicia y a seguir haciendo preciosidades como las que hacéis.Sin duda repetiré mil veces.😍😘😘
The customer service is second to none, I have never seen anyone more effective and friendly. And the jewels as always are beautiful!
Fantastic customer service They replaced my ring because the one I bought was defective and broke. They responded very quickly and everything was very easy. Everything was perfect!
Very fast delivery time Very fast delivery time, everything in perfect condition and packaging could not be better!!!! A 10 out of 10! 🙏🏼🤩
Perfect everything As always, perfect.
AMAZING As always when I have shopped, the experience is perfect and the jewelry of incredible quality. I am in love with the smell of the box :)
Jewelry does not disappoint Jewelry does not disappoint. I love them!!! I will repeat when I can.
All the details very well taken care of! Everything was beautiful, I loved it!
Very good shopping experience Very good shopping experience. From the first moment you are informed when and which company brings your jewels. No delays. The product comes in beautiful bags in a cute box. And the jewels do not disappoint at all! They are divine!
Very happy with the order Very happy with the order, very good presentation.
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ Date of experience: June 04, 2022
I liked the attention and interest... I liked the attention and interest in making sure everything went very well, and it did.
All the precious jewels and with... All the precious jewels and with very good quality, very happy :)
Well, we liked it very much and it comes very... Well, we liked it very much and it comes very well wrapped and the boxes are very nice.
Wonderful attention and precious jewelry Wonderful attention and precious jewelry. Great attention to detail. They make everything easy.
Everything perfect! Everything perfect, as always!
I bought an anklet and a pendant I bought an anklet and a pendant. Both are beautiful and exactly as they show on the website. I can't wait to buy again 🥰.
I bought some beautiful rings I bought some beautiful rings, I loved them. The package arrived very quickly. I will repeat for sure.
Ring size The ring size gauge, I used one size too big because I was between two sizes and it was too big. Luckily the size exchange service was excellent, in 24 hours they sent me the size I needed and they picked up the size I wanted to return. R
Everything perfect Everything perfect, as expected, and the shipment arrived quickly. Also one thing was incomplete and the same day I reported it they responded and sent me a new one. Customer service 10. To repeat!
As always ...very very nice!!!! As always ...very very nice!!!! Thank you very much!
👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
Everything very beautifully taken care of in every detail Date of the experience: May 28, 2022
Order The bracelet and the piercing ordered have arrived in perfect condition. Great quality jewelry.
De 10 Everything great. The order arrived in less than a day. The packaging is super careful and the jewels are just like the image. They also give you recommendations for the care and cleaning of them. Shopping experience of 10.
Good service. Beautiful packaging and good prices. I have already repeated with them and will definitely do it again.
Very good Very nice and as always good quality at a good price.
10/10 The ring is beautiful! And I got the size right thanks to the guide. I also got the address wrong and they were quick to help me correct it. A 10!
10/10 I have ordered twice. The packaging is perfect. Super fast shipping,what's more, on one occasion I got my order the next day. The jewelry is of high quality. Very well cared for. I encanta❤️🌈
Very nice as everything I have bought Date of experience: May 27, 2022
Very fast and beautifully wrapped Experience Date: May 27, 2022
Rapidity Rapidity. Precious jewelry
All the jewels precious and with... All the jewels precious and with very good quality, very happy :)
Beautiful earrings Beautiful earrings, arrived in perfect condition and are a marvel!!!!
Very nice earrings Very nice earrings and made with care. I really liked the packages too and everything arrived perfectly on time!
Very nice and beautifully packaged Experience Date: May 25, 2022
Delighted The experience goes beyond receiving a package. When you open the box you can see the care that goes into each sale, they perfume the box, wrap it delicately and make sure that your garment is protected. I was really delighted. Thank you for delivering more than just an order :)
Everything was great! It helped me a lot and well the tutorial for the size of the ring, the order arrived in 2 days and everything I ordered was in very good condition, very nice and they gave me a very cool bag.
Successful purchase I ordered 2 rings through the website and I am delighted. Good value for money
perfect phenomena and very fast transport
Everything perfect Everything perfect. I even asked for something different and they were very willing to help me.
How to always get it right when buying We bought the ring for a gift and we got it right (size included, which was what we were most afraid of). Beautiful, like everything they have in their catalog, and fast shipping, as always when we order <3. It was not the first and certainly will not be the last time I buy in San Saru.
You never let me down. How always, very satisfied. With the product and with the speed of delivery. Thank you!
Delighted Delighted and above all highlight the after sales service ... you inos to make a change and all facilities. Congratulations
Beautiful ring. Beautiful ring. Fits me perfectly, nice design and very happy with the purchase.
10/10 I loved the speed with which the order arrived, in addition to the kindness of the workers when helping with returns. I will definitely buy again, thank you very much :)
Fast delivery and just as they informed the... Fast delivery and just as they informed the date by mail. Very good quality and beautiful product.
100% satisfied with my orders because of the... 100% satisfied with my orders because of the quality and warmth of the staff.
Very attentive team Very attentive team. Thanks for the follow up 😘
They never disappoint... They never disappoint...! It's all so nice... I always receive the order with great illusion and wishing to be able to use it all NOW! Thank you for all the care you put and the love with which you treat us customers...! ☺️
I am very satisfied with what I bought I am very satisfied with what I bought. The shipping was fast. The telephone service was excellent!
Everything is great Everything is great, thank you very much!
Good quality jewelry Good quality jewelry, they come on time, they keep you informed about your order and any problems are solved with professionalism.
Good service and attention Good service and attention. There was an error in my order and they responded super fast to change it for the correct one.
Great Great, beautiful jewelry and fast and perfect shipping. They take care of the detail and I love that.
A perfect store The shipping was super fast, the bag was very nice and what I ordered is beautiful. It was my first time buying and I have no regrets. I will do it again for sure. 💖
I thought the initial was going to be either more... I thought the initial was going to be either a larger medal or with a better relief.
Super nice everything😍😍 Experience date: May 08, 2022
Sizes smaller than normal I really liked the rings, I have been buying here for a long time and I go directly to the size I have, but this time some of the rings were a little smaller than normal. When I wear size 14 rings from previous purchases this one doesn't fit.
All positive All positive! The earrings are beautiful and of good quality, they came very well packaged, each one in its little cloth bag, and the shipping was very fast.
Ordering earrings I placed an order for earrings and liked them very much. Among them were the Narendra and Varali earrings. About the latter I would find it interesting that you could customize the size of the hoop (with its respective price adjustment), because once received I realized that where I had the holes in my ears did not fit me. I made another order with a pair of larger simple earrings and now perfect, but for future purchases I would love to be able to customize it directly.
Everything perfect They have beautiful things. In love with everything they do. No doubt I will repeat
Incredible 😍 Experience date: May 07, 2022
Great I have made a change and it has been very fast and in perfect condition. I am very happy with the attention and treatment received.
I bought a ring I bought a ring, and it is true to the photo. I love it.
Perfect Very fast shipping and very detailed, as always. I will repeat for sure!
The product was perfect but there was a delay with the delivery. The jewels are beautiful, the packaging is very careful and very detailed. As far as the product is concerned, great. However, they promised it would arrive in time for mother's day and it arrived two days later (taking into account that it caught the holiday). I commented my problem via instagram direct messages and the attention was amazing, very fast. I sincerely think it was a mistake of the courier company (MRW) since they themselves confirmed that my order would have arrived on Friday April 29 but it did not appear. I will continue to buy in this store, they have beautiful things and very good quality, treated with great care, but I would like them to take into account what happens with shipments, I hope it was a one-off case.
Beautiful earrings Beautiful earrings, perfect.
It arrived very quickly and was in time for... It arrived very quickly and was in time for Mother's Day, which was for her! She really liked it!
Replacement broken jewelry A piece of jewelry from a previous order broke and they replaced it with another one. The treatment was great and very friendly. The new piece is perfect. 🥰
They handled the incident with the... They handled the incident with the shipment on the same day. Very attentive and responsive. I'll repeat for sure!!!🥰
Everything perfect, as always! Everything perfect!
Disappointed with this store, I had bought a lot before until this ring... I bought a very wide ring, I do not remember the name. And it stayed on my finger all black after a couple of hours with it, giving me to understand that for thirty something euros that I had paid was not silver, what a disappointment.
Everything perfect and super nice Everything perfect and super nice! Recommended! ❤️
I loved it! Thank you for all the love you put into creating these jewels, I am delighted! I want to emphasize how beautiful the boxes are and above all how good the bags smell! A de mas thank you very much for the speed in which I received the package and in perfect condition it was! I am very happy and grateful! I will repeat for sure!
Precious earrings for my teenage daughter Experience Date: April 28, 2022
Completely satisfied Beautiful jewelry at a good price and faster shipping than I expected. In addition, the boxes where they come can be reused and have a very nice and sustainable design. I definitely recommend it.
Excellent service Excellent service. The jewelry is super nice and very good quality. Without a doubt I will continue to buy in your store.
Impeccable as always 🥰 Experience date: April 28, 2022.
Delighted with my San Saru earrings The jewelry is beautiful. In my case they were earrings. Everything arrived super fast and in a cute little box. It will not be the only time I buy in San Saru.
Ideal Ideal Orders always arrive on time
Great ❤ As always, great. From the website navigation, to the checkout process, to the shipping, to the jewelry. I've lost count of how many times I've ordered. I love them!
Delighted with my rings! I ordered some rings and I love them!!! They can not be more beautiful. I will repeat on the web because they have beautiful things!!!!
Everything perfect Everything perfect, they are beautiful!
The pendant is really beautiful. The pendant is really nice. Nice presentation Fast shipping
Beautiful jewelry Beautiful jewelry, impeccable treatment and it took very little time to arrive at my house. I love this site
MA-RA-VI-LLO-SO-SO!!!! MA-RA-VI-LLO-SO!!!! great customer service... the quality, brutally beautiful... the shipping: fast and with a very beautiful and detailed packing... In love with this store and its little things ❤️
everything great as always everything great as always, you guys are a love ❤️
Just as it is in the photo and its... Just as it is in the photo and its description. Very nice, it's great
quality and service quality and service, excellent!
I love your designs and articles but I think you should improve on the clasps. For example I have bought 2 times the same Reva earrings (they open very easily, the iron is very soft and difficult to close... total one broken and the other lost). And also the Kanak bracelet I lost it definitively after recovering it 2 times because the clasp is very weak.
Excellent service and very fast shipping Excellent service and very fast shipping. The bracelets are beautiful. This is not my first order and of course it will not be my last. Thank you very much.
UNIQUE AND FABULOUS Super fast shipping and very good quality product. A detail the way of packaging the products and the touch of perfume I love it!!!!
I loved it Date of experience: April 24, 2022
Precious jewels with great care and detail They are high quality jewelry, each came in a cloth bag and in beautiful boxes, all packed with great care. The size of the rings has been perfect thanks to the template provided on the web. I will definitely come back to buy more.
Beautiful jewelry I am very happy with the order, two delicate and sophisticated rings that complete my looks!
Super happy The jewels are perfect as always, and the shipping was super fast. I had a problem because I made a mistake in the order and ordered twice the same jewel instead of another and they solved it without a problem, even being Holy Thursday. I love this store.
Great attention and service Experience Date: April 23, 2022
Very nice, very nice, bright color and material.
Great Fast shipping, beautiful package and recipient (it was a gift) delighted. I will repeat for sure :)
Everything great Everything great, I have no complaints, everything arrived super fast and the girls helped me super fast with a problem I had! The jewelry is amazing :))))
In love 😍 I have placed several orders, and love them!!!!! Service 10!
They are beautiful jewels They are beautiful jewels, incredible attention and very fast delivery time.
everything great as always everything great as always, you guys are a love ❤️
Everything perfect and very fast! Date of the experience: April 22, 2022
Everything is perfect Experience date: April 17, 2022
One of the earrings in the order is... One of the earrings in the order is a bit crooked. Otherwise everything is fine
Earrings Very cool earrings and very fast shipping
Broken earring Broken earring You replaced a broken earring in a few days. Thank you very much
Fast delivery and quality of the products... Fast delivery and quality of the products
I liked them very much. Date of the experience: April 07, 2022
Everything perfect and the presentation with... Everything perfect and the presentation with much delicacy and affection. Thank you.
Fatal sizing All good except for checking the size does not correspond to the size of the application.
Delighted with my first order Delighted with my first order: Navani necklace and fragrance. They arrived very early and I will definitely order more! Thank you very much :)
Excellent customer service and... Excellent customer service and beautiful products. I do not put the maximum score because the color of the stone was not blue as I expected, although from customer service did everything possible and very kindly to find a ring with that color. I recommend this store 100%.
I love San Saru It is beautiful, the shipping is very fast and everything is very well cared for.
Fast shipping and always send coupon... Fast shipping and always send discount coupon, the only thing is the shipping cost if they are not purchases over 50€ but the quality is good and the models are super cool.
Satisfied Good experience. Cool jewelry. Good packaging. Received it the next day.
Very good and fast service I had a problem with the first order, but they took care of me and solved it super well and fast. Thank you!
One of the earrings seems to me of little... One of the earrings seems to me of little quality compared to the photos on the web... in fact, it is the one that cost me more and the one that I see of less quality. The rest very well and the shipping was very fast!
Love it Love it Good quality and fast shipping
It's been a while since I found earrings like this. I've already placed a couple of orders and everything is great, really. The shipping is fast, the package you receive is made with great care and I love the earrings. Highly recommended! Thank you and a hug, San Saru team!!!! ;)
I received it very quickly and liked it very much Date of experience: April 05, 2022
Very happy! second time I buy and surely not late :)
All very well Date of the experience: April 04, 2022
Everything perfect My order arrived in 72 hours, super fast. The jewels are just as in the photo, beautiful.
I would buy it all I love your jewelry, I would buy them all. Good quality and little details with your customers...😍....
Fantastic Fantastic, the ring is beautiful and of exquisite quality. The packaging is a cutie. All very well and sure I will repeat
Very good service I had a problem with one of the jewels and they solved it quickly and they are very friendly and attentive. I will definitely come back to buy more 🤩.
Super detailists I love it! A year and a half ago I placed my first order and whenever I need jewelry to give as a gift or for me I always go to them. Very detailed.
I love the products and the customer service... I love the products and the customer service. This is the second time I have ordered from you.
I really liked the little chain that I bought... I really liked the little chain that I bought. It would be ideal if they made it in gold as well and more variety of waist chains.
Good store You receive what you order, very nice pieces and always with some detail, I recommend it.
As always great As always great, I had to change a ring size and without any problem I had it in two days. It's a pleasure to shop with them, that's why I have half a collection 🤣
All fantastic All fantastic. Quick response for the change and I also added another jewel and it was perfect.
Very nice Very nice , just as they look in the pictures and megarapida delivery . I recommend them 100 x100.
Perfect Perfect. Thank you
I loved it! I loved it!!! The order arrived perfect and super fast! I would buy again
Beautiful jewelry and beautiful packaging I love the jewelry and the little wooden box where they come. All very nice and well presented. The key ring is beautiful.
De 10!!! 😊 I love the jewels but especially the speed of delivery. I also had to make a change and it was solved super fast. You are a great team and you give an excellent treatment. 👌🏼
A birthday gift ring It was a ring for my daughter was too small and in 24 hours we had another one at home. The ring is as pictured and described and we are delighted to buy and always repeat.
Everything great Everything great, thank you!
Easy purchase Easy purchase, fast delivery, product as described on the website. Arrives with very nice packaging, I will buy again for sure.
i loved all the items... i loved all the items i ordered! the delivery was super fast! very nice and of high quality. without a doubt, i will buy again! the items come in a very nice box, and inside separated in very nice bags! as a gift i got a very nice tote bag. in general, it was a great success! very happy!
Customer service is good Customer service is good. The presentation of the package is beautiful! But my bad experience was that I received the wrong ring, then I received the right one but with a defect and the third and last one came well, but I realized that it scratches super fast! The chandi ring hasn't even been on for a day and it already has marks on it! And that I have not done anything on that day to mark it. Anyway, maybe we have to find a way to make sure that this model doesn't mark so easily....
Unbeatable experience Unbeatable experience! I ordered a ring that turned out to be too big. I wrote to the team, they were super fast answering and solving the problem. Quality and good service! I will definitely buy from them again :)
Mi solete The treatment exceptional and the jewels of the best quality and tastefully made ...🥰😘.
I will repeat The order arrived super fast and the packaging... beautiful. Each earring comes with its own bag and... it smells wonderful! As for the products ... they are great, as shown in the photos and you can tell they are of good quality ... I will definitely repeat.
Everything was perfect! The shipping was very fast, the package beautiful and the rings are beautiful, I am very happy with my purchase and with what you have on the web, I always recommend it. Thank you very much!
Great Great, as always 😊
I love them!!! I love my new bracelets! And I love the close treatment of the san saru🥰 team.
Satisfaction with the jewelry but poor shipping management Very happy with the jewelry I ordered, but this time the company MRW did not act accordingly. First of all, when I placed the order I indicated in comments that the delivery should be from 17:30 onwards. They came at 13:30 approx. I tried to access their website to change the schedule and it gave me the wrong order number. I contacted you by whs, and a girl very kindly told me that she contacted MRW giving indications of the delivery time. It happened that the next day in the middle of the morning I received a text message that MRW had left the order in a store without even coming back to my home at the time they were notified. I wanted to pick up my order that same day, but the place was closed on Friday afternoon. Finally on Saturday I was able to pick it up.
Attention 10 Very attentive, friendly, they respond immediately to any questions you have or problems that arise. They are very fast
I had a bad earring and in one day I... I had a bad earring and in one day they solved everything, fast and very nice I will continue buying very good attention.
Delay with shipping I have loved the earrings ,very nice as I expected ,the box beautiful ,I am always delighted with all the jewels and orders ,I would like to put 5 stars but I paid the plus for 24/48 shipping and it arrived on the third day ,I claimed to the agency but nothing ...so this time unhappy per this part .
Everything perfect Everything perfect, a detail that the packaging was made of recycled and biodegradable materials.
Delighted with the jewelry Delighted with the jewelry, as siempreee....but more delighted with the after sales service. A 10
I will buy again I will buy again. I loved everything I ordered, how it was presented and the quality of the bracelet. The experience when I opened the box, the smell.... Everything!!!
Precious and different jewelry Precious and different jewelry. Customer service of 10.
Order of 10 The order was delivered in perfect condition, I loved the two bracelets and the beautiful ring. I also loved the gift details bag and keychain, good quality and the transport service was adapted to my needs. Highly recommended.
Everything is always great, the jewelry, the presentation of the package and the shipping are always perfect. You can tell that they put a lot of love and care for details
I will keep repeating 😍 I have already bought many times, I love all the little jewels and the packaging is very neat and smells great 😍.
I loved it all!!! Date of experience: March 30, 2022
A fantasy The jewels are a precious fantasy and with the size guide I got it right. The packaging is beautiful and they take care of all the details, even the smell is spectacular and the speed with which I received it. Delighted ;)
Everything great as always Everything great as always. As a customer service person, I appreciate the great customer service team behind it. The management and everything that encompasses the order. A joy, I will repeat a thousand times. Great team and top jewelry
Never disappoints! It never disappoints! I love the little jewels, they are what I expected, great!!!! The change to fabric pouches is a plus.
The order arrived quickly and with a... The order arrived quickly and with an absolutely beautiful packaging. The items are just as you see on the web, beautiful!
Beautiful earrings, very easy to change. I ordered some earrings, which arrived immediately and without problems, they were very beautiful but I wanted to change them. They were very nice but I wanted to change them. They made it easy for me, very efficient and very kind. Three days later I had the new earrings...which, by the way, are beautiful. Very good experience, as always.
My trusted jewelry store I am so happy with the brand and its products that I have already placed 4 orders and I'm sure there will be more. The website is super intuitive and easy to order, the products are just like the images and descriptions, and the shipments are very fast (in two days you have it at home). In addition, the packaging is great (and without plastic). The service is impeccable. Without a doubt I will keep repeating.
Very good deal Very good deal, I am delighted!
Olé, olé and olé I can't be happier with this brand. Congratulations to all the team of San Saru, here you have a customer for life ❤️
They take care of the details Fast shipping and the package is very well cared for. They perfumed the package and the earrings I ordered arrived in perfect condition. Thanks a million!
Attention to small details The order arrived very quickly and with a very neat and beautiful packaging. It is not the first time I buy in San Saru, nor will it be the last.
They sent me the order incomplete but... They sent me the order incomplete but as soon as I told them they got to work to correct it without any problem. Great team and the jewels are great!!!!
I love your little jewels I love your little jewels, once you start you can't stop. Thank you so much for your work!
I will buy again! Perfect! Fast and superb package. Also, the earrings I ordered are as I expected.
A great discovery I bought three pairs of earrings, they are just as they appear in the photos, beautiful. I will repeat for sure.
100% recommendable When one of the earrings of my purchase broke they sent me a new one and the treatment was great.
Order of 10 The order was delivered in perfect condition, I loved the two bracelets and the beautiful ring. I also loved the gift details bag and keychain, good quality and the transport service was adapted to my needs. Highly recommended.
Everything perfect Everything perfect, fast shipping and very careful and beautiful packaging. Highly recommended!
Exact earrings. I ordered earrings and very happy, they are exactly as in the photo. And they arrived very quickly. Also happy for the gifts I got when I placed the order.
Delighted ;) The order arrived very quickly. All the jewels came wrapped with great care and I also received cute boxes where I can keep them. Delighted with the treatment and the product. I will definitely repeat and recommend. Thank you!
In love with the jewelry I have loved all the jewelry I have received, more with the added freebies and the 20% discount they gave me. I am waiting to place another order.
Very good service Very good service, size change without problems and with an error in the shipment that was solved quickly, it's nice to deal with professionals like this. Totally recommendable
Excellent Beautiful jewels and very good quality. Just what I expected. I will repeat for sure.
Incredible service 💛💛 Date of experience: March 24, 2022
I have loved them, both the design and the presentation a 10! Even when you open it you get a delicious smell! The truth is that the earrings are very cute although I imagined that they were a little thicker, they are super thin, which are very good although I like them a little thicker. It's hard to tell the thickness from the pictures.
very nice jewelry very nice jewelry very nice jewelry, arrived very fast
I love them... I love them... I love them... I love them... I love them... I love them... I love them... I love them... I love them... I love them... I love them... I love them... I love them.
The SanSaru experience was great The SanSaru experience was great. The order arrived on time and the earrings were exactly as pictured. The change of model was very easy and fast.
contentisisma The truth is that I am very happy with their attention and love for jewelry. Always delighted with the result, the quality and the price in sales of san saru days or black friday is great price. In the end everything is silver or silver plated so it is proportional.
Everything perfect Everything perfect. And the little card with a beautiful message.
Super fast and in perfect condition Super fast and in perfect condition. Super nice jewelry!
Everything perfect Everything perfect. You take care of every detail
Beautiful jewelry! Very nice jewelry, excellent quality and price ratio!!!!
Me llego muy rapido y son muy bonitos Me llego muy rapido y son muy bonitos volvere a comprar seguro!!!!
Very reliable and recommendable store On this occasion I bought two rings, one of them I really liked and the other one I did not. I contacted San Saru and they exchanged it for another one without any problem. Yesterday I asked for the exchange and today I received the other ring. Everything very fast.  The first exchange or return is free, if you need another one it's on your own.  I have bought many times in this store and I have never had any problem, both in exchanges, returns and defective products (they change them for others).  In general I can say that I am very happy with the store, besides I really like their jewelry are very nice and always put you facilities in everything.
Experience always 10/10 The shipping is very fast as always, and the jewels are beautiful, they never disappoint! I am delighted with San Saru. I really like the new packaging and the little bags they have included... highly recommended!
I am delighted I am delighted, they always arrive on time and just as they appear on the web. I will continue buying, in fact I have already had my eye on some earrings!
Fast solutions and beautiful jewels One of the jewels came with a defect, I sent an email and I was immediately attended. The next day I had the delivery man at home with a new one in perfect condition and with notice to pick up the other one. I have already made several orders and of course I will continue to order...a suggestion if you admit it .... would be good to buy the pendants loose because the chain is usually the same or very similar and you can use the same changing the pendant ☺️
Delighted This is my third order, I'm still delighted!
Very good quality and very fast shipping Date of experience: March 23, 2022
Incredible products Incredible products, I would buy so many things hahaha, I will not be my last order. This all price, I have an official store for my little jewels and finally because I never found any that caught my attention. And well what is the order smells great boxes and all super detailed, well I'm delighted hahahahaha.
Great jewelry As always, great jewelry and super fast shipping.
Delighted!!! Variety in their products, economical and fast shipping. The customer service is very good.
Great Great! I am super happy with the order, I ordered the big ones and within two days I had the return and the jewelry in my size at home. I am delighted! everything was super fast and of very good quality.
I'm addicted to sansaru🥳🥳🥳whenever I... I'm addicted to sansaru🥳🥳whenever I buy that are already several I like their jewelry more!!!always a hit!!!!
Great 🌼 The jewels of excellent quality, more beautiful than in the photos; I loved them. They come with an unbeatable presentation. Without a doubt, I have found my page of jewels 😜🌼.
Wonderful As always, everything perfect. Always a pleasure :)
All very well, I recommend it 100x100 Date of the experience: March 23, 2022
Thank you for these great Aravinda earrings I bought the Aravinda earrings and they are perfect. I ordered them on Tuesday and two days later they were in my hands. And also with a super cool keychain gift. I suffer a lot from allergies of the types of materials of the earrings and these I can guarantee that they are of good quality, I have not taken them off since they arrived. I recommend this store 100% Thank you to the staff for making us so many happy ☺️♥️
Silver earrings The item that disappointed me was the silver earrings, they are too thin, it gives the feeling that they will break.
As always amazing! As always amazing!!! And they have taken super short time...10!!!
Very fast arrival and everything in perfect... Very fast arrival and everything in perfect condition.
Everything perfect Everything perfect! Everything is beautiful! You guys are the best!😍
I love them, but they are big The jewels I love them, but the sizes do not fit the measurements that the guide says, they come a little bigger.
Super cute everything 😋I loved the box and the card with a wonderful text! Thank you
I loved all the products and the... I loved all the products and the unbeatable service!
A 10! Super fast and as always a 10! In addition I had to make a size change and it took less than 48 hours to pick up the wrong one and bring the correct one.
Rare color I ordered a basic gold plated silver chain and the color is a bit odd. I ordered it for a gold plated silver pendant I have and the gold on the chain is a coppery shade of gold. Dissatisfied, I wouldn't have ordered it if I had known that the gold tone was so orange and that it doesn't look like gold at all.
Fantasia What I liked the most is that when you open it you can see the care with which it has been prepared, everything in detail. The order was very fast despite the situation. Undoubtedly a 10.
As always from 10 As always from 10, fast and super nice.
A 10 A 10! I love the jewelry, super good quality. Also I made a mistake in an order and they made the change very quickly, making it in the easiest and most comfortable way for me.
Very happy Everything perfect. Very fast delivery and very careful packaging.
Perfect... Perfect... Beautiful I loved them... They have an excellent quality and I will come back to eat with them...they have my 5 stars :)
Great service Great service, we needed a change and the response was very friendly and quick.
I never get tired of recommending them! I have taken items for myself, and also to give away, and I have always been delighted, they are beautiful pieces and look great on. Needless to say, I will continue to expand my collection as new items come out!!!
Super delighted as all the times... Super delighted as all the times I have bought. The ring is beautiful and the service is great! Very fast. And I love the smell of the box. ❤️
Perfect! They arrived very quickly and the rings are beautiful!
Very good quality Very good quality, these jewels last for years and years, totally recommendable.
Purchased is as described Purchased is as described. Excellent presentation, attention to detail. Thank you
Everything great, 10! Everything great, lovely, incredible quality, super nice to open the package, all details, the box, the bags, everything. It is my first online purchase of jewelry and as I said on Instagram as soon as I can repeat. The service is also great, I'm very happy. It's a pleasure. Thank you very much.
As always, all good As always, I was not disappointed, the jewel beautiful, everything fast and easy. Thank you
It arrived quickly and well packed It arrived quickly and well packed, everything prepared and packaged with great detail. I will definitely repeat.
Great as always Experience Date: March 20, 2022
Super cute everything 😋I loved the box and the card with a wonderful text! Thank you
The stone fell out on the 2nd day The ring stone fell out on the second day after it was released. I glued it and it fell out again.
Everything phenomenal Everything phenomenal. Good service and a lot of kindness.
Precious I loved the pieces I bought, quality-price a 10! Very nice service and attention. Thank you very much
Everything great Everything great. I will order again thank you
The earrings had a very The earrings had a very, very complicated clasp and did not fit properly.
I will buy again I ordered several pairs of earrings and I wear them very often, they are very cute. The earrings I bought seem a little flimsy, but otherwise I was very pleased with the order. I even had to return a pair of earrings and it was all very convenient and hassle free.
I bought the Malti bracelet in gold color. I bought the Malti bracelet in gold color. It is very nice, exactly as in the pictures. I have noticed but it is a very yellowish shade of gold. I would have liked to wear it with the other rigid bracelet I have, the Chikane model (always gold version), but they are too different and for my taste they do not go well together. Chikane is much lighter and Malti is very, very yellow.
Quality items Quality items, good customer service and fast shipping.
I love it! The earrings I ordered are beautiful and the little boxes they were delivered in I love them. Totally recommended 😉
The jewelry is as I expected... but very malleable The jewelry is as I expected (piercings) and very nice. The problem is that they are very malleable and deform quickly... the clasp is also not very convenient.
Preciosas!!!! Date of experience: February 12, 2022
Very satisfied I find San Saru's products beautiful, but also the packaging and presentation is also very tastefully done and carefully taken care of. The telephone service was also very friendly. 100% recommendable
Very happy with the order Very happy with the order, they send it to you promptly and with a very nice presentation.
Jewelry very well cared for and presented Jewelry very well cared for and presented. I always choose sansaru! :)
Jewels of pampering and a brand that takes care of even the smallest detail. I could not be more satisfied with the purchase. The jewelry I chose, even more beautiful in nature q in the photos on the web. They took care of every detail. The shipment, very fast even though I made it on the eve of Christmas. In short, to repeat and to recommend without hesitation.
Wonderful and precious jewelry Wonderful and precious jewelry, exquisite preparation. I recommend it 100%.
Delighted I have been delighted with the brand, the products are beautiful, quality and packaged with great care have won a new fan.
Misleading photos on the web Nothing to do the photos on the web with the product received. Misleading photos that make them look bigger. Very close up photos that misrepresent.
Fulfilling expectations! Experience Date: February 11, 2022
Precious I loved the pieces I bought, quality-price a 10! Very nice service and attention. Thank you very much
Very good and beautiful products I bought a pair of earrings with a moon and I am beautiful, they feel super good, I recommend it very much, I have not taken them off since I bought them. It's been years since I wore earrings, because they always itch and bother me but with these I am delighted, as soon as I want to change I will certainly choose others from San Saru. On top of that, they came in a cute little box with a bag and everything!
Jewelry They are very nice and look good quality, but for example the earrings are smaller than I expected. And they have taken more days than it said they would.
Good quality jewelry Good quality jewelry, very fast service and customer service to make a change 10👌🏼
Very attentive in service Date of experience: February 10, 2022
Great purchase and return. Everything was very fast. The first order arrived the day after I placed it. Very nice jewelry. I had to make a return because the items were for my daughter; one ring was too big for her, and she preferred different earrings than the ones I ordered. I asked how to do it, they responded very well and just as quickly. So everything was great. Thank you very much
Nice company in every way I have ordered three times from San Saru, and always great. The San Saru style captivated me from the first moment (jewelry, packaging, discounts, promotions, sweepstakes, giveaways, social networks...). And I greatly appreciated that they ship to the Canary Islands. Once there was a problem with the shipment (Correos), and they were in contact with me and were always ready to help. It is a nice company in every way. I recommend it 100%.  Beatriz Gonzalez
Very detailed. Date of the experience: February 10, 2022
Perfect Perfect! It was to give as a gift to my partner and she loved it. Both the necklaces and the bracelet she keeps putting them on.
Excellent treatment Excellent treatment. I had the wrong size ring and they changed it without any problem.
A little sad A little sad, because two days after I put on the personalized bracelet the letter fell off and I lost it :( The rest very well.
I receive an email telling me that they expect... I receive an email telling me that they expect me to have liked my jewelry, and I have not received them yet... I put a delivery date on the 9th but no one came.
I find them to be of good quality and they do not get... I find them to be of good quality and they do not get ugly even if you wash with them. They are nice
Wonderful They are super attentive, the package arrived super fast, no problems, smelled great, I had a problem with the size of a ring and they helped me a lot for the return and change of size, they are magnificent and beautiful jewelry, I will repeat without doubt.
It was a gift for Christmas It was a gift for Christmas. She was looking to have a chain with that stone and she loved it!
Everything great Everything great, super well packaged and each thing in a different bag. I loved opening the box and smelling the cologne that you use to make it smell good.
WONDER Estimated time and good quality
Details and attention very good. Presentation, packaging, and details very well cared for, as well as personal attention, very good, fast and efficient. They give a lot of importance to the customer, and that everything arrives in good condition, and that is the most important thing. The products are beautiful, although it would be necessary to clarify the exact measurements of some products and information. In summary, the product and the attention are very good, and without a doubt, I will buy again in San Sari. I am very happy with the result.
Arrived very fast Arrived very fast. Everything well packaged. I like how careful they are. Beautiful and original jewelry.
Great Super attentive if you have any problems or questions, delighted with my purchase.
Good product Good product, I am delighted!
I expected more for the price The design is nice but it is very thin, delicate and I would say that it is more like the type of jewelry that I wore as a child than jewelry for an adult woman. The necklace is not such a necklace, it is a choker that when worn is not very visible, the earrings have a pass, the earcuff is saved, very nice and tight without danger of losing it. If I could I would have surely returned the "necklace", it is not worth it and even less for what it costs.
Size change I had to change ring size and everything was perfect. Communication and service fast and 10. Very happy.
Better than I expected Everything as in the photos and description, they are very detailed, the box that comes with the earrings is beautiful and they gave me a bracelet and a purse.
Everything perfect Everything perfect, fast and identical to the photos.
Fast delivery Fast delivery . Earrings just as I imagined. Perfect
I am very happy I am very happy, the perfect jewels and the package too, very cute everything And the punctual delivery very well everything, I recommend
Fast and everything perfect. Date of experience: February 09, 2022
Everything wonderful! Everything is wonderful! I was surprised for good, I did not know the product and I loved it. Congratulations!
Expectations fulfilled! Experience date: February 09, 2022
a very cool store Experience Date: February 09, 2022
The ring is beautiful and just as I imagined it... The ring is beautiful and just as I imagined it. It fits great.
Impressive :-) Thank you for your attention, I have been impressed with your work. The jewel, a beauty but all the details of packaging, the aroma, the affection with which it is seen that you do everything, I loved it. Thank you very much from the bottom of my heart! It was my first purchase for a gift, but I assure you that it will not be the last, I will always recommend you! Keep working with as much love as you do. :-) Greetings Jesica
Very nice earrings, but they close badly I bought the hoop earrings with small coins. They are beautiful, to be honest, but very difficult to put on and to get the clasp right. The wire is very flimsy and it is difficult to get it inside the other part of the hoop. It would be great if they had a screw-on version or a better fit.
Very nice They arrived perfect, in the right time. Very nice, just as they look in the picture.
Midi Ring Ring just like in the picture, perfect packaging and fast shipping.
Joias smaller than what is shown in the pictures... Joias smaller than what is shown in the pictures
Highly recommended Totally satisfied with the purchase and with the customer service. The jewels are beautiful, the shipping was fast and the packaging very careful, perfect for a gift. I had to make an exchange because I made a mistake with the size of a ring and the service was 10.
My favorite place to shop The attention is very good, they always help you if you have any problem or any doubt, and the jewels are beautiful.
Delighted with the jewels that I... Delighted with the jewels that I gave myself for Reyes.
I love it I love it! They are always very nice and do a lot of sweepstakes and offers through social networks 🤍.
Everything perfect and very fast The items are just as they appear on the web and the shipping very fast.
Very cute products perfect for... Very cute products perfect for giving to anyone at any time I will buy again for sure.
Precious jewels as always and... Precious jewels as always and fast delivery.
Quality jewelry Great, beautiful and better than I expected, everything perfect, the only thing that shipping takes a little time but otherwise everything impeccable.
Lovely jewelry Precious, made with love.
Unbeatable experience Unbeatable experience. The girls are super attentive and answer all your questions quickly, the packaging is very careful and beautiful, and the jewelry is beautiful. You can tell they put a lot of love in what they do.
Great! Very nice everything, speed and the jewels are 🥰🥰🥰🥰 I love it 🥰🥰🥰🥰 I love it!!!!
Great Very happy with the product as well as the presentation and speed,
Wonderful! You can't ask for more in customer service :) Wonderful!
The expected quality. The quality of the jewelry has been as expected. The only drawback is that the earrings are difficult to put on oneself, although now I know the little trick is to put them in front!!!  Thank you San Saru :)
Fast shipping and size return... Fast shipping and size return in case of error
Highly recommended Totally satisfied with the purchase and with the customer service. The jewels are beautiful, the shipping was fast and the packaging very neat, perfect for a gift. I had to make an exchange because I made a mistake with the size of a ring and the service was 10.
Always very happy. It always arrives very quickly. They have a very good customer service, they solve any questions, returns, exchanges efficiently. The jewelry is beautiful and of good quality.
Fast and effective service. Date of experience: February 09, 2022
I love the ring I love the ring, it is quality and it is very nice. It arrived super well packaged and super fast.
The best jewelry Precious and high quality jewelry
Fast and well prepared I have already placed several orders and they always arrive very quickly, well packaged and protected. Each jewel in its cloth bag and then all of them in the wooden box. Both options are reusable to keep the jewelry protected. I will repeat for sure.
Bad experience As I told you we received the defective earrings we had to fix them we didn't send you photos because when we received the mail it was already repaired it is not logical that if we buy something we receive it in good condition I guess you know little about quality control anyway the solution is not to buy anything from you again.
I received the earrings and the designs are very nice but the quality of the earrings I expected better. The clasp of the earrings are weak, and they even bend and are not secure.
Perfect The order arrived perfect and wrapped with love. The beautiful earrings I do not take them off!!!
They never disappoint They never disappoint. The jewelry is beautiful, lasts a lot in perfect condition. They are fine and elegant. I ordered 3 bracelets with stones for my group of friends and they were delighted. And the packaging adds the finishing touch.
The jewels are very beautiful and of quality The jewels are very beautiful and of quality. The packaging is very cute in their little wooden boxes. The shipping is super fast.
I loved it💖 First time I buy and it won't be the last, I loved the moon pendant, it's beautiful! And they gave me a 10% discount. Everything is great! Thank you very much
Everything perfect All the jewels beautiful and according to the description
One of the best stores I've ever bought from One of the best stores I've ever bought from. The customer service was brutal. Very attentive and they solved all the incidences. Unbeatable treatment.
The order arrived promptly and very well... The order arrived promptly and very well prepared and presented. Very fast and a necessary return!
Very happy with my purchase Very happy with my purchase. It was for a gift and she loved both the rings and the bracelet I chose. Just as they appear in the photo.
Delighted! Since I met the Sansaru website and made my first order I fell in love with the quality and jewelry. That's why to this day I keep buying because I know that the jewelry I buy will arrive in good condition and on time and with an incredible quality and design!
Super satisfied always arrive fast Super satisfied always arrive fast, in good condition and are beautiful.
The jewelry is not silver... The jewels are not silver... they are painted and lose their color. Lousy quality.
Everything perfect Everything perfect, the earrings are cute!
Everything perfect! Everything is perfect! And the packaging moniiisimo!!! 😍
Good for San Saru! My daughter loved her Christmas present... My daughter loved her Christmas present. The presentation is impeccable.
I love the jewels of San saru! Experience date: February 09, 2022
Lots of attention and love Lots of attention and love, thank you!!!
The things I have bought are beautiful... The things I have bought are beautiful and are delivered on time. A great discovery!
Satisfied The shipping was very fast, and the jewelry box was beautiful, very satisfied with my first order.
I love your jewelry I love your jewelry. I am a big fan of silver earrings and yours are wonderful.
Very fast shipping Very fast shipping, and the pendant is very nice.
Everything perfect I really like your jewels, they are all beautiful! I can tell that you work with love! In addition, you are responsive and available for any questions. Everything is great!
I have made several orders but in this one... I have made several orders but in this last one the jewel on the back had the 925 with relief and it gets stuck in all the shirts, I have filed it a little but not even with that.
Incredible little jewels Incredible little jewels. They arrived early. You can tell they are made with lots and lots of love. Thank you Sansaru!
Everything Perfect! Everything was perfect! I loved everything about the purchase! The beautiful jewelry, the wooden boxes all a detail! Highly recommended!
I love your jewelry and the... I love your jewelry and the presentation with which you send it to me.
I love you guys!!! I love you guys!!!! and enjoy shopping. The products are of excellent quality. I really like the presentation and the smell it gives off. And also the customer service for size changes, returns and whatever you need is exceptional.
It was a gift for my sister and she's... It was a gift for my sister and she's thrilled. We exchanged a ring with no problems! Everything perfect Thank you 🙏
Perfect!!! The order arrived super fast and the jewels are beautiful!!!! 100% recommendable
The jewelry is not silver... The jewels are not silver... they are painted and lose their color. Lousy quality.
Precious and good quality jewelry Precious and good quality jewelry. Only one small problem and that is that in one of the rings the white glue comes out above the stone and there is a white space in contrast to the black stone. Otherwise, everything is fine.
I will repeat for sure! As always a pleasure to order in San Saru: jewelry as seen in the photos, fast delivery and soooo much care and detail with the packaging.
I fell in love ... Very fast and very nice box in which it came to me. Very happy, I recommend it
The quality leaves a little to be desired The quality leaves a little to be desired, as the rings immediately bend and I ordered a key ring and soon after it broke. So I am not very happy with the truth.
Perfect Perfect, fast and delicate, very detailed.
The ring arrived perfectly on time... The ring arrived perfectly on time and of high quality.
All excellent I have been ordering with SanSaru for many years and I have never had any problems, if the ring size is too big because it is a gift, they change it without any problem as long as the ring is fine, they do not put you any problems and they help you and answer all the questions you may have. Then the quality of the rings is wonderful, they are all beautiful. And as for shipping, they usually take only 48 hours, which seems to me a pretty fast shipping and also everything always comes in great packaging. I will continue to buy here
I love it, besides being beautiful, it is of high quality. San Saru is my favorite jewelry, I love it! Thank you very much
Everything went great Everything went great. I had to make a change and it was very fast and the attention was exquisite.
Beautiful rings.fast shipping Date of experience: February 09, 2022
The truth that very happy with the... The truth that very happy with the speed and how the order was prepared, very tasteful and scented. I will buy again without a doubt.
Recommended It was all very fast and easy to do. 100% recommendable
Great! Great! I loved it!
Wonderful as always ☺️ Experience Date: February 09, 2022
A marvel The jewels are beautiful and not only that, the packaging is exquisite, a whole sensory experience. A marvel.
it was a gift and it has triumphed it was a gift and it has triumphed. A success
Awesome All great. I can't wait for them to bring out more little gold jewels to buy them all, since I already have almost all the rings 🤪🤪.
Great As always, everything is great with the service you offer and the variety and quality of the products. Delighted with everything! Keep it up.
Great very fast Great very fast. The earrings are super nice
Everything great Perfect product, fast delivery and in good condition.
Precious and quality jewelry at a good price... Precious and quality jewelry at a good price that arrives super fast.
is my favorite jewelry brand is my favorite jewelry brand, the love they put into every order, it's incredible.
Purchase 10/10 The jewelry is beautiful, good quality, at an incredible price and packaged with love. I bought two pairs of earrings and I am delighted, I will repeat for sure.
Everything perfect Everything perfect. The shipping, the time, the product and the presentation of the product. This is not the first time I have shopped here and my experience is very positive and always recommended. Thank you
Good quality Good quality, beautiful and very fast shipping. I am delighted with my rings they are beautiful.
Everything is beautiful Everything is beautiful and arrived very very fast. I won one of the jewelry boxes they were giving away for their anniversary and it is beautiful. It's great that brands do campaigns like this :)
Great! Great! The earrings are very cool, the packagin very nice and with a very rich smell. The shipping and delivery was super fast.
Preciososososososssss Arrived early as always and as always they are preciososssss!!!!
Everything perfect Everything perfect. The presentation of 10 and the best detail of the perfume in the bags. Great quality.
Recommended Good product quality and fast shipping.
Everything great Everything great! The jewelry box is wonderful. I love it! The order arrived super fast and the package very well taken care of. Thank you very much
Everything as described Everything as described. Very nice
Great As always super happy with the purchase. Quality products, at a good price and with unmatched aesthetics.
I am a regular customer and I love San... I am a regular customer and I love San Saru. I recommend it to everyone :)
Dissatisfied All the jewels are very pretty but too flimsy for the price.
Pleasantly surprised! The presentation is unbeatable! The presentation is unbeatable! They have taken into account all the details! The earrings look exactly like the photos! Highly recommended!
Perfect Very fast shipping, the jewel of quality and cute packaging. I will buy again soon
Incredible as always Wonderful jewels
Precious and quality jewelry at a good price... Precious and quality jewelry at a good price that arrives super fast.
Everything perfect Everything perfect. Good attention by phone and mail. Everything with very good taste, from the design to the packaging. Thank you very much.
San Saru never fails :) It is the third time I buy in San Saru, both for me and for gifts and it is always a success. Cute jewelry and perfect shipping!!!! Thank you :)
I was very happy, but as the days go by.... I was very happy, but after a month and having put the ring on only once (and without wetting it), it's getting very very ugly....
Excellent Fast shipping and very good quality item.
Very happy with the experience Very happy with the experience, the order arrived on time and the jewelry very nice and well presented.  I am sure I will buy again.
Ideal for gifts The jewels as they appear in the photos but we must also emphasize how beautiful are the boxes and bags where they go. Ideal for gifts and super fast delivery.
We have been shopping with you for a long... We have been shopping with you for a long time and have recommended you to many people. The wide catalog and how beautiful the jewelry is what we like the most. We don't give you 5 stars because there is always room for improvement :) Good job!
Delighted I loved the jewelry I ordered and the shipping time was very fast, I am happy with the experience.
They are a 10 They have quality jewelry and very nice. The customer service and shipping is a 10. I really like this company and I trust them a lot.
The order arrived quickly The order arrived quickly, and in perfect condition. The packaging is very cute and the jewelry is ideal, more beautiful than it looks in the pictures. The detail of the fabric bag and the discount for the next order is great. I will definitely repeat.
The pieces are very nice (I bought some rings, bracelets, earrings... The pieces are very nice (I bought some rings, bracelets, earrings...). But the rings and the bracelet have become ugly immediately.
Great everything we ordered Great everything we ordered, in fact one ring came defective and they exchanged it without any problem.
Very nice packaging, good shipment and beautiful earrings.
100% recommendable Everything is beautiful! The packaging, boxes and presentation is super nice and everything I ordered looks amazing! I will repeat soon!
I thought the earrings were more... I thought the earrings were bigger and thicker, although they are beautiful, I was disappointed when I saw them.
I love it All great, very good quality, the only thing that being shipping to the Canary Islands takes about 12 days to arrive.
Everything perfect Everything perfect. Good attention by phone and mail. Everything with very good taste, from the design to the packaging. Thank you very much.
Everything great Everything great. I ordered a jewelry box and it is a real marvel. On top of that it arrived super fast. I am delighted.
I AM A JEWELRY LOVER * Date of experience: December 21, 2021
Everything perfect!!! Date of the experience: July 31, 2021
Fast in shipping Fast in shipping, very well packaged and everything just as pictured.
Perfect! it arrived even earlier than expected and with a gift bag!!!! Date of experience: July 31, 2021
Unbeatable quality and price Unbeatable quality and price! And speed in the arrival of the package.
Excellent Excellent quality of the jewel. It took a short time to arrive and as always in a very cute box. My partner loved it.
I love all the little jewels I have purchased on multiple occasions and they are beautiful. They have always arrived on time, they are super detailed.
Everything perfect Everything perfect, very happy and arrived very fast and also with a beautiful gift bag!!!!! You can not ask for more
Anklets I loved the anklets. Only that the size does not correspond to the size of my ankles....
In love!!!🥰 I fall in love when I see it on the web and when it arrives home, I fall in love again..... I love everything so much!!!
Delivery in the estimated time with a... Delivery in the estimated time with a perfect packaging! Thank you!
They make me happy They are wonderful both the jewelry and the people behind each shipment. I love all the details they have and will definitely buy again as soon as I get another chance. I love this brand ♡
Wonderful everything as always Wonderful everything as always! The treatment and attention, delivery time and beautiful presentation with details! And the jewelry incredibly beautiful! I love this store ❤️
Wonderful quality Wonderful quality and fast arrival time
Very good, I will buy again I had already bought before and it is a success, apart from the resistance of the rings and how beautiful they are (equal to the photos of description on the web), arrive very quickly and also with muccha dedication in the packaging. I recommend it whenever I can
Your jewels are always a marvel Your jewels are always a marvel. Fast shipping and with an extra gift. My favorite jewelry store since I met her
Perfect! Great as always. Jewelry made with lots of love, touch and care.
the shipment didn't arrive at my home even though I put my address, they told me at mrw that I had to go to the office expressly to pick it up... well, that upset me because on other occasions it has arrived at my home.
Everything perfect Everything perfect! I was served perfectly and the jewel is a cute little jewel for a special occasion! Thank you very much!
I bought at the end of May the Aistra and ashwini earrings, the first impression was good, but in less than a month they began to lose shine and in less than two months they were black, even the Aistra leave green color in the ear. I have contacted them, they explain me how to clean them, which I had already tried and they are still black and they ask me for a video of how I clean them. I do not send the video because it seems to me very unprofessional to ask a customer such a thing, when I have already sent photos of how the earrings are without cleaning. They replied that they can't do anything. So it gives me to think that the symbol of one year warranty is a scam, since it is not real, attached some photos of how the product is and in a period of less than two months is more than enough reason for them to take over the product. Not only I will not buy again, but I will not recommend it to anyone, as they do not comply with the guarantees they offer.
Everything perfect!!! Date of the experience: July 31, 2021
Very satisfied The order arrived very quickly and the pendant was exactly the same as on the website.
Very nice everything Very nice everything, good presentation
Beautiful presentation and beautiful ring Beautiful presentation and beautiful ring. Arrived ahead of schedule. Thank you! Only drawback was the size. I bought MIDI to wear on the phalange and yet it is too big even though I can adjust it. Nevertheless, everything is very beautiful.Successes!!!!
Very cute earring Very cute earring. A success!
I loved it I loved it! Beautiful as in the photo
It is a very special store I am in love with all their products, my last purchase was the water bottle and I am delighted. They have an impeccable communication with the customer, the orders always arrive earlier than expected. Once a jewel broke and they sent me a new one without any problem. One day I will be in the draw for the box full of jewelry 🤩.
Beautiful jewelry Beautiful jewelry, fast shipping and excellent service :)
Precious🧡 The little jewels are precious as always🧡 delighted with everything.
The earrings are beautiful but the... The earrings are beautiful but the nuts come off easily.
I love them. I will keep repeating I love the little jewels, as well as the way you prepare and ship everything. I have already bought several times for myself and Iara as a gift. I will continue to do so without a doubt
Product quality bad Product quality bad, in one week the earrings got dark, disappointing
Return Raga earrings I had to return the Raga earrings because the ones I received were not the same color as each other.
The jewels were a gift for my daughter... The jewels were a gift for my daughter and we were both delighted. They are beautiful, the order was super easy to place and fast to arrive. It was the best, thank you very much.
I love all your jewelry I love all your jewelry, it is beautiful. And very fast shipping. Thank you for a job well done.
Great, as always! Very happy with the presentation and details of the order :) As always, great shopping experience!
Very happy I am delighted with this piece, I am in love with it, really nice and constantly brings back memories of the sea. Very fast shipping
Nice ring and quality Experience Date: July 26, 2021
Everything perfect, super fast shipping Date of experience: July 25, 2021
Very satisfied The order arrived very quickly and the pendant was exactly the same as on the website.
Fast and comfortable! Experience date: July 23, 2021
🥰❤️ Very happy with the order. Thank you very much!!!
Divine!!!! I am delighted, as with all the jewelry I buy. Diiiivino!!!!
Super happy with my purchase Super happy with my purchase. I love everything, plus they sent it very fast. You can tell they do everything with love.
I liked them very much! Thank you very much
Best service impossible and what to say about... Best service impossible and what to say about the pendants and earrings, because q have me in love, they are beautiful, also arrive super well packaged, the truth q I loved it, I will repeat for sure!!!!!
I love my anklet I love my anklet, it arrived quickly and I loved the presentation.
DE 10 Fast and trouble-free service. As always, everything perfect. And I was also lucky enough to receive the gifts for the 600 k instagram followers!!!!!
Todo genial y un trato inmejorable y... Todo genial y un trato inmejorable y rapido
Everything perfect Date of the experience: July 23, 2021
Perfect and fast shipping The jewelry arrived in perfect condition and the shipping was very fast.
I was very happy with my last order, which was a pair of earrings and a pendant with initial, they sent it to me very quickly, it was for an event, they are always kind and willing to send you photos when you ask for them and their jewels are precious, I recommend them for their kindness and speed in getting the order.
10/10 Very happy, it is not the first purchase I make and I bought a necklace a year ago and still as the first day this time I bought rings and if it is true that yesterday I put them on for the first time and I felt that it got a little dirty and I do not know why I will try to clean it with something but it seemed strange to me has everything I've bought before is just as shiny but it is silver so I guess somehow it will go. And I put it in individual boxes and I am thrilled because they are all beautiful.
A marvel A marvel. The jewels are beautiful, they are sent with great care and the team is lovely. I recommend it 100%.
Ideals Ideals. I'm looking forward to buying more things I have in mind. Super fast shipping. Wonderful.
Beautiful silver jewelry Beautiful silver jewelry Beautiful silver jewelry Quick to receive it
I love them I love them, and you always have a little something!!!!!
I love the jewelry you guys make I love the jewelry you guys make! I am in love 😍
perfect As always, everything perfect. Fast order and beautiful jewelry.
Wonderful wonder Purchasing your pieces is always a pleasure.
Great They help you choose, teach you everything you want, very attentive and the change I had to do super fast. Delighted, the truth
I will repeat! The truth is that I was surprised. They are very nice earrings with good finishes. I will definitely repeat.
Excellent Excellent. Very fast shipping and beautiful jewelry.
100% recommended Very nice, just like the picture and of good quality. The order arrived in the estimated date and with very good presentation.
they didn't last me a day they broke... they didn't last me a day they broke one of the blue earrings
I love what it emanates I love what it emanates, the energy it gives off and the energy it transmits when you give it away.
Very fast and more beautiful than in the photo Date of experience: July 18, 2021
Customer service is great!!😊 Date of experience: July 17, 2021
Very nice Very nice. all the jewels in their little tulle bag and in a beautiful box. Very happy with the purchase.  Just a suggestion, would it be possible to enlarge the sizes of the rings? The ladies of a certain age have bigger fingers, I bought the adjustable ring Marut and still I can not put it on the middle finger, as I would like.
Speed and efficiency Everything was perfect, the package arrived the day after I ordered it.
Perfect Every time I buy in San Saru, it is a success.
Everything great I love the rings and the service is perfect. I had to change a size and it was easy, fast and free of charge. Everything was great.
Nice but flimsy The ring is very nice, but I've worn it three times and you can already tell it's going to break because it has the line marked.
Perfect jewels such as in the pictures, sustainable packaging, with gift and fast. They are also beautiful
I love the jewelry you guys make I love the jewelry you guys make! I am in love 😍
Fantastic, a 10 I loved the jewels, I have already bought more times here and I know they are of good quality and have a good price. The order arrived super fast and with an excellent presentation. They also gave me a discount code for my next purchase that I will not hesitate to use. Nothing negative to say.
Fantastic Whenever I have ordered jewelry, everything is super nice, beautiful and of good quality, I will never get tired of ordering jewelry.
Perfect merchandise, delivery not so much. I was really disappointed and immediately phoned to customer's support. But I have something to say about the delivery of the goods. The delivery man came to my house when I was not at home, so he could not deliver anything and I found out a few days later because they called me from MRW headquarters to go and pick it up. Not making a second attempt at another time to deliver the goods and having to go personally to the MRW warehouses to pick up the material having paid the shipping costs.
As always excellent service and products... As always excellent service and products.
Great as always As always delighted with the service and quality.
Cool anklet This is the second time I buy from your site. The first time was for a gift and this time, I ordered an anklet and it is even nicer than in the pictures. I am delighted
Delighted The jewelry is beautiful and arrived promptly. Delighted.
It was for a gift and she loved it!!!! Date of the experience: July 16, 2021
I loved them I loved them, they are very nice thank you very much.
Excellent Presentation excellent, quality products and management for easy purchase and shipping. You have a very good website.
Son preciosass 🥰🥰 y el envío muy... Son preciosass 🥰🥰🥰 y el envío muy rápido. Everything perfect!
A perfect experience A perfect experience, as always. The jewel is beautiful and the whole team was great throughout the whole process.
Great Great Great, as always super happy with all the little jewels =)
everything great :) Date of the experience: July 16, 2021
Everything ok The shipment was fast, on time and everything was ok. I could not choose the time of arrival of the order, it did not work correctly.
Beautiful Everything is spectacular. Fast shipping
Everything perfect Everything perfect. Fast delivery, good presentation of the jewelry with its box and the cloth bags to store them independently.
Very satisfied The order arrived very quickly, the description of what was purchased fits perfectly with what I expected. Very happy, I always buy here because of the good quality and good service.
Very nice Very nice, I thought it was bigger.
The jewels were beautiful, the shipping was very fast and most importantly, the customer service. I had a little problem and they solved it right away. I will definitely buy again.
Always happy with my orders Always happy with my orders, the jewelry is beautiful and they have organized the delivery very well to adapt it to my work schedule. Very grateful.
The jewels are beautiful and the pack is super... The jewels are beautiful and the pack is super good.
I love them. Estrega fast all as eeperado
The jewelry is great The jewelry is great. The shipment arrived very quickly and I ordered it on a Friday afternoon (on Monday I had them at home). Super good service, taking care of all the details. Thank you very much San Saru! As always, great.
Perfect packaging and the jewels... Perfect packaging and the ideal jewels, as always. 😍
Very happy with the order We love them, thank you.
Ideal Ideal The jewels are wonderful and the oackaging in which they come is very well cared for and they arrived very quickly.
Quality product and fast shipping Fast shipping and the ring I ordered is a cutie! I will definitely trust San Saru again in the future.
0 GUARANTEE FROM THE... 0 GUARANTEE FROM THE COMPANY.we usually buy all the gifts for friends with you, and one of the times we have had a problem with the jewelry as they have broken both and you have not given us any solution nor have you given us back the money, or given us any option of any kind.no warranty on your part.no kind of guarantee on your part.
I loved them. At first I thought they were not going to reach me well but on the contrary, they are super good.
Great Very good! I'm hooked on your rings
Good purchase Very good material, arrived in good time, the only thing was that they looked bigger in the photo.
Experience with my first purchase: good The necklace I ordered arrived quickly and in perfect condition. I really appreciate the attention offered by the sansaru team, I was very excited about the discount code they give you. I was very satisfied and I will buy more. To put some downside I would say that the boxes are a little fragile (those with drawings) otherwise very happy.
Ordered So much the order, they sent it to me super fast, the attention was great, I asked the time it would take my order and the girls through instagram helped me a lot. Thank you so much 💞
Very happy The jewelry is very nice, quality and the size fits perfectly if you use the size gauge on the website.
Everything perfect Everything perfect. Fast delivery, good presentation of the jewelry with its box and cloth bags to store them independently.
The best little jewels 😍 I adore each and every little jewel!!!!! 😍😍😍😍 I have been shopping at San Saru for several years and all the jewelry is unique and special!!! 💛
Everything was perfect. Date of the experience: July 09, 2021
Safe and fast purchase I placed the order and within two days it was at home. Very satisfied with the purchase.
Fantastic as always Fantastic as always, beautiful, with their natural scent and in perfect time.
Incredible Very attentive, incredible kindness. They never fail. Congratulations on your work! You guys are great😍
I bought earrings and an anklet... I bought earrings and an anklet for my girlfriend. The earrings were fine but the anklet opened the hook that connects the clasp to the chain less than 24 hours after wearing it. I contact them and they tell me to close it with pliers that it is not a factory defect and they can not do anything and that it must have been due to misuse. What bad use is she going to give it just wearing it and in less than 24 hours? But that's the way it is. I have to fix it myself.
Never defraud Never defraud. Joyitas bonitas bonitas!
Delighted! I had a problem with one of the jewels and you solved it super fast !!!!! Super happy🥰
The beautiful earrings and delivery... The beautiful earrings and delivery after two attempts in which I was not at home they contacted me to set a date and time slot for delivery. Very friendly and professional. I will repeat for sure 😉
To repeat! I loved the box with the rings in it. And the material of the rings is great! I will definitely come back again.
Satisfied The shipment, very good. The content... very cute! I like everything you have. I love the little boxes in which the "little jewels" come. Thank you.
Excellent purchase. It has been an excellent purchase. Very nice necklace. It was a gift and she loved it. Good customer service. I will definitely buy again.
All very good All very good. Beautiful presentation and nice and quality products, what I expected.
100% recommended 100% recommended. I repeated the same model of earrings because I bought them for my little girl and now we both wear them, they are beautiful. So very happy. We will repeat.
This is the second order I've placed with you, and just like the first one, the jewels are beautiful and I received them super rápido☺️ thanks!!!!
The product does not correspond to the image on the web I ordered the BAAT (whale fin) necklace for a boy. On the website the model appears to be wearing the kayva necklace combined with the baat necklace, which reaches halfway down his chest. However, the reality is that the chain is very short and the fin is at the collar of the shirt. I have purchased many times from San Saru and have never had any problems, but this product does not match the photo at all. Very disappointed.
The best little jewels 😍 I adore each and every little jewel!!!!! 😍😍😍😍 I have been shopping at San Saru for several years and all the jewelry is unique and special!!! 💛
Everything perfect Everything perfect, shipping, packaging and parts are just as seen on the web.
Breaks after 2 days Apparently it is my problem that it breaks after two days of normal use.
Everything perfect Everything perfect! Very fast shipping and the jewels are beautiful. This is my third order and I'm sure it won't be the last :)
Super fast and everything was great ♥️ Date of experience: June 26, 2021
Everything great Everything great, the only thing that has not convinced me at all are some earrings that I took in light pink tone. The ones that I have received have the stone of a rather gray-white tone....
Everything great Everything great. I have been buying for years and will continue to do so. I love san saru. Thanks for your work, it shows when things are done with love!!!! Thanks to all the team.
I thought the pendant I bought I thought the pendant I bought had the biggest stone. And it was too small. Also the chain is super thin and it came all tangled up in a knot that I had a hard time untangling.
SPECTACULAR I love all of your jewelry, how it is packaged and how fast it arrives!!!!  Thank you very much indeed.
The jewels are of great quality The jewels are of great quality, very beautiful, very fast shipping and excellent after-sales service. I am always very satisfied with my purchases. I love everything, they have great stuff.
Dedication I can see the love with which you do it. It makes me very excited when my order arrives. Thank you
I loved my earrings I loved my earrings. Very friendly and professional service. Thank you very much.
JOYAS GENIALES San Saru is a very serious company in which the jewels always come in an optimal state and very fast. The value for money is great and everything they have is really beautiful. The customer service is also very good and the packaging is very nice to collect, besides being able to make your own jewelry box, a very original idea.
The bracelet is beautiful but has a flaw in the clasp The bracelet I ordered is beautiful. The stones have a very nice iridescent shine. The only downside is that it came with a clasp that opens by itself, I can wear it anyway but I run the risk of losing it.  I love the packaging of the orders, everything is very well cared for and made with care. I will repeat for sure.
100% sastifecha Super nice! Very fast shipping! Everything great!!!
Gorgeous The jewelry is very beautiful, very well finished. I love the style. Everything very well wrapped and very fast shipping. De 10.
I liked them very much but one of the... I liked them very much but one of the rings opens very easily and I would not like it to get lost.
As always everything 10! Date of the experience: June 18, 2021
Everything perfect Everything perfect. It was for a gift that has liked very much
It was just what I expected It was just what I expected. You guys are always a hit!!!!
Wonderful in everything. Date of experience: June 18, 2021
Super fast delivery and in super nice boxes... Super fast delivery and in super nice boxes. And the beautiful jewelry, of course ;)))
Excellent, close, very efficient and fast in shipping. Very recommendable, the product was totally what I expected.
Everything great Everything great. I have been buying for years and will continue to do so. I love san saru. Thanks for your work, it shows when things are done with love!!!! Thanks to all the team.
Beautiful but disappointed with the quality. Broken on second wear I recently purchased two hoop earrings, I was thrilled with the speed and presentation of the box. But on the second wear one of the hoops has split at the clasp, so I am disappointed.
I love my little jewels and the... I love my little jewels and the spectacular presentation 🤩🤩🤩🤩... I love my little jewels and the spectacular presentation 🤩🤩🤩...
On time delivery and quality product On time delivery and quality product. Excellent service
Timely and prompt service Timely and prompt service. The packaging of the jewelry is simple, but efficient and beautiful. Thank you very much, I will possibly buy again.
I loved my jewels I loved my jewels, super cute and they arrived very quickly. I also liked the boxes very much, and the bags smelled very nice perfume.
All phenomenal All phenomenal, very fast delivery and the jewels are very nice. The packaging also comes very carefully.
Quick delivery and exquisite taste... Quick delivery and exquisite taste in presentation. Congratulations and thank you.
I love the earrings! I love the earrings! I will repeat without a doubt!!! A thousand thanks 😊
EVERYTHING IS GREAT!!! EVERYTHING IS GREAT!!! Beautiful jewels, quality of 10, speed, lovely staff, information available everywhere... I'M ENCHANTED!!!!
I love the beautiful boxes, no plastic, with a very nice smell, the silver material, the beautiful design .... LOVELY!!!
Incredible Everything great and fast, it's a wonder to order with them. Very pleased!
Perfect The shipment was very fast, and the jewels are beautiful as always.
I love it. The jewelry is wonderful and arrives very promptly, beautifully wrapped at a great price.
Everything perfect Everything perfect! Very nice jewelry and beautiful packaging. Thank you very much.
Everything perfect as always 😊 Date of experience: June 11, 2021
Highly recommended Fast delivery. Very good quality and beautiful designs!
On time delivery and quality product On time delivery and quality product. Excellent service
Gorgeous jewelry as always Gorgeous jewelry as always, and especially the San Saru team is amazing. I am always very happy with you!
Very happy with the purchase and with the... Very happy with the purchase and with the shipment, it arrived super fast, I had to make a return and just the next day I had it back.
Great As always, more than delighted!
Quick attention and 10 to ... Quick attention and 10 to unforeseen events and incidents. After-sales is something that I value very much in any place I buy and even that they do it with love. Shortly after receiving some beautiful earrings, one of them fell off the clasp because it was not well adjusted.  I wrote to them, and they responded immediately indicating that they would send me another one with a courier who would pick up the defective one. I was able to put my earrings back on much sooner than I expected!!!! Thank you beautiful!!!
I love it! Everything great, as always! The jewels are beautiful and never disappoint. In my case, I can't always get the size of the rings right because some of them are a little different than others I have of the same size, but I can always change fingers. I'm already looking at jewelry for my next purchase!
Very fast and careful with the service Very fast and careful with the service. It is the third time I buy a gift through your website, and I will continue to do so. They have very nice products and very good quality according to the price. I will repeat.
Beautiful everything and good quality Beautiful everything and good quality. I will definitely repeat
Everything great Fast shipping and the jewelry couldn't be nicer. Thinking of placing future orders.
A great gift idea! They arrived super fast and are beautiful and very thin! I will definitely repeat purchase.
Again everything impeccable Again everything impeccable, from the jewels, the presentation and the punctuality of the shipment.
Very nice ring Experience Date: May 24, 2021
I think sizing needs to be improved. I think the sizing needs to be improved. I had to exchange a bracelet (because it didn't close for too little) for an adjustable ring, which was very nice but it deforms a little when you open it too much because it is too closed. Otherwise I am very happy with the designs.
I love them :) Experience date: May 23, 2021
I will repeat very soon! Everything great, quality, packaging and speed unbeatable.
Very good value for money... Very good value for money Very easy and effective communication in case of any problem. I will definitely repeat.
Everything perfect Good service, good product with a beautiful presentation.
I loved the earrings, even though the clasp sometimes opens and is uncomfortable. The pendant is beautiful and very elegant. The chain is very thin, I thought it would be denser.
Precious and very fast shipping Date of experience: May 22, 2021
The earrings are super cool and I love... The earrings are super cool and I love... The earrings are super cool and I love them.
Very fast and efficient Very fast and efficient. Everything arrived the day after I bought it. I love the jewelry!
Very good Good quality and design.
Great As always, more than delighted!
Quality and great presentation. Precious and quality jewels! They also come in a little wooden box with a fabulous presentation. It was for a gift and she was delighted.
Everything perfect just as I expected! Everything perfect just as I expected!
I love them! Everything is made with love, taking care of all the details. Very fast shipping and wonderful attention. I'm already looking for more things to buy😍.
I love it I really wanted to have the perfume since I noticed the smell that came from the first order I will repeat for sure The pieces I bought are beautiful and of very good quality as those of previous orders
Amazing Thank you so much for everything, the jewelry was perfect and you solved a problem with my shipping address in an instant. I will trust you 100% again.
Everything perfect Date of experience: May 21, 2021
Very punctual delivery and beautiful jewelry... Very punctual delivery and beautiful jewelry just as it appears in the pictures
Very happy Hello, they arrived very quickly and they are beautiful, congratulations for your work ♡
Gorgeous Gorgeous, delicate and with lots of detail. Just what I expected.
They are beautiful. Date of the experience: May 18, 2021
Fast shipping Fast shipping, very easy and fast return and beautiful jewels!!!
Everything perfect Date of the experience: May 18, 2021
All the orders I have placed so far are very beautiful, just as they appear in the photos. They arrive very soon and with a beautiful packing. All the details are very well taken care of.
After 10 days both the necklace and the bracelet have been broken, without any hooking or anything like that, the quality is very bad respect to the product, I would never advise your site for future purchases.
I think the price is higher than the... I think the price is higher than the quality or size of the jewelry. Despite its beautiful design.
Very satisfied All the earrings are beautiful, just like in the pictures. The shipping was fast (MRW).
I love to buy everything in San Saru. I love to buy everything in San Saru. I'm a big fan of wearing silver pendants, rings and bracelets, but in other places they always get deformed or oxidized over time. That doesn't happen to San Saru jewelry. The details like the little boxes where things come in are also wonderful.
Beautiful and super fast shipping Date of the experience: May 16, 2021
I loved them I loved them, just as they appeared in the photos, I will buy again for sure!!!!!
As always everything is great and the jewels... As always everything is great and the jewels are beautiful. Thanks to all the team.
I love them! Everything is made with love, taking care of all the details. Very fast shipping and wonderful attention. I'm already looking for more things to buy😍.
Very fast delivery well packaged Date of experience: May 15, 2021
I love everything I love everything, the user experience on the website, the details with the purchase, the little jewels. I will keep buying.
Excellent Excellent! Even with the little boxes came the little jewels ☀️😀 thank you very much!!!!!
delighted My jewel has enchanted me I am very happy with it
The service super effective and fast The service super effective and fast, the first size I ordered was too big for me and the same day I communicated it and they made the shipment, arriving the next day. Thank you very much 😊
Fantastic Very good deal, very good purchase and I would definitely repeat ❤️
No Allergies Order arrived super fast, quality earrings, I usually have allergies to many materials with which the earrings are made, and these feel great!!!!
Great quality and service Great and very fast.
Super Super, as always. You have a very good system. The only thing, I asked for a ring alert and I didn't get the mail :)
Great, as always I have been a customer of San Saru for some time now and I am always delighted with all orders. The jewelry is great, there is a lot to choose from and, besides, the treatment you receive as a customer is unbeatable. They are attentive and put a lot of effort and care in all orders, they send the jewelry in individual bags and put them in boxes that have great drawings. They are 100% recommendable!
The best jewelry arrived very soon and the jollitas as always beautiful and spectacular.
Great I really liked the little box where the earrings came in and the smell it gives off when you open the box, details that make the difference.
Very good Very good, delighted with the Mother's Day gifts.
They are very attentive and the order arrived super... They are very attentive and the order arrived super fast, everything is beautiful and at a very good price. The boxes where the jewels come in are beautiful and original.
Thanks for the jewels! Thank you for the jewels!!! They are beautiful and perfect!!😘♥️
Fast and good quality Date of experience: May 10, 2021
I requested a size change and it was... I requested a size change and it was very fast and super agile, without leaving home. Very happy with the treatment.
Mother's Day Experience We were in a hurry to receive the order. Mother's Day was upon us. We used express shipping and despite being a bit more expensive, everything arrived quickly on the agreed day.  Apart from the fact that she loved the jewel, the packaging is very nice, an extra point to make a good gift. Besides the finish of the pendant is beautiful.
Very happy with the quality and the... Very happy with the quality and the price, missed the small fabric cases for jewelry but very happy with everything.
Everything was perfect. Date of the experience: May 09, 2021
Rose quartz earring came... Rose quartz earring came unstuck
Mother's Day gift A precious gift from my daughters, beautiful and delicate. Perfect.
I am very happy with the product... I am very happy with the product received, it was for a gift and it arrived on time and without incident, also she liked it very much and it has not caused any kind of allergy.
very nice everything Very nice bracelet and very fast delivery. i will definitely order again.
Everything perfect Everything perfect. I had to change a ring because I chose the wrong size and everything was easy and friendly. In addition, I loved that the bags smelled so good, it is a detail that makes a difference. Thank you for everything.
A success for Mother's Day It was my first order and the jewelry arrived great! They are beautiful and a great success as a mother's day gift. Also the boxes are cute and my mommy loves them!
The ring has been the perfect gift The ring has been the perfect gift, with a super original design as well as beautiful. It could not be otherwise, I've been buying your jewelry for some time and, whether for me or to give away, are always a success ☺️
The jewels are of very good quality and... The jewels are of very good quality and are detailed to the millimeter, I can have no complaints about this order in addition to the fact that the entry was ahead of schedule. A 10.
Excellent! As always I have received all my products in the time indicated and everything in perfect condition. I recommend it 100%.
Very happy Very happy with the speed, the packeting and the solution to the problem. I received a defective product and they quickly sent me another one.
Very good experience Very good experience! Excellent quality!
Great Great. Fast delivery and I love the smell of the perfume in the boxes.
Great shopping experience Great shopping experience, fast delivery and good presentation. Good value for money. I recommend it.
All ok and very fast Date of experience: May 07, 2021
Everything was perfect. Date of the experience: May 09, 2021
They are great I already had a couple of jewels of the brand, but I am delighted with the new ones. And even more so with their customer service, 10! It is not the first purchase, but I have no doubt that it will not be the last.
PRECIOUS EARRINGS AND IDEAL JEWEL BOX I loved the earrings and the vanity case is ideal for my next trips.
Very good Very good. I love the smell and the care of the boxes and the bags where the jewelry comes.
I liked it very much. I ordered earrings and they arrived when instructed. The description fits the product. Very pleased.
Good birthday gift The pieces I ordered arrived super promptly and in time for a birthday I had (I ordered rush order). Everything came super well wrapped and the box that brought the earrings was beautiful. It also came with a postcard with a super nice message. The gift was a great success.
Precious jewelry Precious jewelry, quality and original. Exceptional treatment
Everything great Everything great, very fast and the earrings beautiful 🤩.
Good quality product Good quality product, according to the description and very neat presentation. I have already repeated and will repeat again.
Perfect! Perfect! just as I expected, the detail of the scented box the best!
I love it. Good quality and very fast turnaround.
Fast and perfect Fast delivery and the aesthetics always neat and beautiful. Highly recommended
You guys are the best😍 You guys are the best😍 I placed an order from Malta, and when I got my rings unfortunately I got the wrong size (my fault for checking it correctly). I contacted to see how we could solve it, I sent the rings to Madrid and the exchange was done Madrid-Barcelona without any cost. A month later I have my rings with me again 😍😍. Everything has been super easy, the communication between the two has been wonderful, I really congratulate you because not all brands behave like you and it is much appreciated. All my jewelry is from San Saru, I don't buy anywhere else 💜💜.
Good quality Good quality, great service
Everything great Zero problems and very fast arrival of the order, delighted🤩.
They are beautiful!!! The jewels are just as they look in the pictures!!!! Beautiful and they come in a beautiful box 💖 Also the delivery is very fast!!!!
A 10! The speed of delivery of the product is spectacular. The jewels are quality and beautiful and the design of the wooden box in the packaging is a nice detail. Super happy as a customer, and after two orders, I'm sure she will repeat. Keep it up!
I love I love all the little jewels and the quality they have. Thank you so much!
Everything very fast The package was delivered the day after I placed the order, as always I have bought everything from the category.
Excellent products Excellent products, very neat and beautiful packaging. I would buy again without hesitation.
Perfect Perfect as always, I couldn't be more delighted with San Saru. They are great
I will repeat for sure I will repeat for sure. The order arrived quickly and once you open the box you find that everything is placed with great care. Delighted and I totally recommend it.
Very fast and well presented Date of experience: April 30, 2021
I liked it very much. I ordered earrings and they arrived when instructed. The description fits the product. Very pleased.
I loved the experience Date of experience: April 30, 2021
Quality Very fast delivery, and very good quality. I bought some earrings, because I was allergic to the ones I had, and great.
Delighted I have been ordering on several occasions and the truth is that the brand does not disappoint at all. Super fan of the jewelry and accessories
A 10 in quality and service I love everything and the service is second to none. I had a size problem with a ring and the next day I had my new ring without any problem. Super fast service, comfortable, free and with a very good attention from the staff.
Super fast shipping and quality of 10 Experience Date: April 23, 2021
Great Great! I will repeat for sure_COPY00⭐️
It couldn't be better! I loved them! It was the first time I shopped with you and I'm sure I will repeat. Everything I bought is cute and arrived super fast, I'm delighted!
I had a problem with the card and they helped me very kindly although in the end I paid for it to arrive on time but that was my fault for not doing things in advance.
My experience has been fantastic the... My experience has been fantastic the orders are super fast and the personal attention the same. The details you send with the orders are very cute. Best regards.
I love San Saru I love San Saru. In addition to having beautiful products, the team is very quick to resolve any returns. I have already purchased a couple of times and will definitely continue to do so. thank you!
Everything is perfect! The precious jewels! And perfect service, as always!
Everything arrived on time and in perfect... Everything arrived on time and in perfect condition.
They are excellent They are excellent. The only thing that does not convince me is the closure of the earrings. Not practical at all and quite difficult to put on by yourself.
On time and beautiful presentation It arrived in the stipulated time. The presentation in a box, inside a pouch, beautiful.
Delighted with my purchase Date of experience: April 19, 2021
I love the jewelry you design and... I love the jewelry you design and how you design it, I have a lot of things from your brand and every time I buy, the more in love I am with ito!!!!!!
Delighted with the attention Delighted with the attention, they knew how to help me and sent me what I needed very easily and quickly. I received a very personalized treatment through the mails.
The jewel was loved by the person ... The jewel was loved by the person I gave it to, and it came super fast. I am very happy. The only thing is that the hooks of the pendants are a little complicated to put on oneself. Thank you very much
Quality Very fast delivery, and very good quality. I bought some earrings, because I was allergic to the ones I had, and great.
The amazonite ring stone is... The amazonite ring stone is too small. It looks much bigger on the page. A pity. On the other hand the turquoise one is spectacular. Very nice and perfect the size of the stone.
Very good experience Very good experience. In the shipment there was an incidence, with an earring and they solved it very quickly. The delivery is very well packaged and with all the details.
Amazing! I bought it for a special person and she couldn't love it more! The care and dedication in the packaging is also incredible! I will not hesitate to buy again!
Everything perfect Everything perfect, attention to detail, individually bagged and a very nice jewelry box.
Everything great Everything great! Speed and perfect product 🤩 I recommend it without a doubt😃.
Fantastic Super happy, fast shipping and my necklace and ring are beautiful. I will repeat for sure!
Great everything! Great everything! It arrived quickly and just as we ordered.
Wonderful 😍 Experience date: April 16, 2021
I ordered three rings to give as a gift and they were... I ordered three rings to give as a gift and they were just like in the picture very nice. The shipping was super fast and the service was very good. We are delighted!
Super cute Super cute, I loved it 😍
Great quality of the jewelry The delivery was very fast. The presentation of how the jewels were in the boxes and the bag is very tastefully done.  In addition, both the earrings and the necklace I bought are very well made and of great quality, I love them!  I recommend 100% to buy in San Saru, especially for the treatment received and for the high quality jewelry, thank you very much!
Great team Excellent team, treatment of 10, fast management, beautiful designs... To say a but, somewhat high prices.
The necklace is very fardon. The necklace is very fardon, it shines a lot and it is well made, the clasp is strong.
10/10 I don't even know where to start! The shipment arrived super fast, I loved the presentation of the products in their boxes and the gift bag! The jewels are PRECIOUS just as I imagined them. I will be ordering again very soon for sure. Recommended 100% :)
Thank you so much for your work, thank you so much for your work! The details are very well taken care of, it is a real pleasure to receive your orders.
You guys are great! You guys are great (I don't know if there are any guys in the group) but so far I have no complaints about you. You respond super fast and always look for a solution. My congratulations to all your team
Everything perfect Everything perfect. The order arrived in safe and discreet packaging on the expected date. The product purchased was in perfect condition and meets my expectations completely.
Perfect! Everything is perfect. Delighted, I will buy again for sure.
Very good Very good. I made a return by phone and the girl was very friendly.
Very good experience Very good experience. In the shipment there was an incidence, with an earring and they solved it very quickly. The delivery is very well packaged and with all the details.
Fast service and I loved everything Fast service and I loved everything: the earrings and the packaging, you can see the love you put into them.
Everything perfect Beautiful product and as shown in the picture. The shipping was very fast. The box where they come was sprayed with cologne and smelled great. It's a pleasure. Congratulations!
It is my second order and I am delighted It is my second order and I am delighted, the bracelets are beautiful and look great, also arrived super fast. I recommend 100%.
100% great!!! It is the second order I place, and just like the first time everything excellent!!!!! Fast, great deal and the little jewels 😍!!!! I will be back for sure!!!
A store 10 quality assured! They are professionals. No doubt they give a fast and efficient treatment. The change of order has been processed without problems and without having to do anything more than having the package ready to deliver. The jewelry speaks for itself, the care and dedication too. Without a doubt I am in love with this store, both for the products and the workers. Thank you very much for everything!
All correct Date of experience: April 09, 2021
Perfect I am very happy with my order. The rings are beautiful and fit perfectly. Thank you very much!
I ordered 2 sets of earrings and a pendant and I love them! They come in a little bag and the box is the best! Super cute! I will buy again for sure!
They are super nice They are super nice. The shipping is super fast and they take care of the details. When I have had problems with size they solve it almost instantly and in 48h I have the change. Super recommended. I love it.
Everything great Everything great, they are excellent
The boxes and bags were perfumed, all a detail, but one of the earrings arrived broken, just for that I do not put the five stars. Thank you very much.
Super cute! Date of experience: April 09, 2021
Great Ring, Earrings and Box It took no time at all to arrive and they are great both the box I ordered and the earrings and ring, top quality.
Very good quality The earrings are beautiful and of very good quality. This is my second order and I am very happy, I will definitely continue to order.
Excellent service and attention by... Excellent service and attention by the girls! I solved a little problem super fast and with good predisposition, and super nice jewelry, elegant and simple as few there are and at a good price, thanks for everything and congratulations!!!
Delighted with the design and quality Delighted with the design and quality. Fast and efficient delivery. A pleasure to be your customer. Congratulations!
The earrings are of different colors The earrings are each of a very different color tone.
Fast service and I loved everything Fast service and I loved everything: the earrings and the packaging, you can see the love you put into them.
100% Perfect No complaints. The products are just as they look in the store or even nicer. The shipping was super fast and efficient and the package was prepared with great care and detail. I am very pleased and will buy again.
Great As always, everything was great, fast delivery and beautiful what I had bought.
They are very small They are very small, coming a pair, I thought the size would be a little bigger. They do not fit well to put them as main, I mean one in each ear. They are more for second and third holes. They have not been what I expected :(
A very beautiful and elegant jewelry! Date of the experience: April 04, 2021
The order arrived very quickly The order arrived very quickly! And the ring is beautiful! Thank you!
woww!!! The jewelry is beautiful and of good quality, their designs are very original. The treatment is superb. The jewels arrive very quickly and with a good presentation.
Very fast delivery and everything perfect. Date of experience: April 04, 2021
Everything is perfect! I love the jewels! It is the second time I order and I am super happy!
Delivered on time. And what I liked the most was the little box where the rings were wrapped, beautiful. The pity that the key ring was sold out just at the time I placed the order.
Quality items and customer service I am delighted with all the jewelry I ordered, they are beautiful. The shipping was fast and the customer service excellent, I highly recommend this store!
Very nice😊 Date of the experience: April 03, 2021
Phenomenal. The order arrived very quickly and in perfect condition, the earrings are very nice and came well presented, in a supercherchula box and a discount for future purchases, over the box has a smell of fresh colony, which gives a very good feeling.me ha encantado.
Very pleasant Date of experience: April 03, 2021
Good quality and good service Very good finish and the quality is noticeable. I made a mistake with the size of the ring I bought and requested an exchange, the process was quick and easy. Very happy with the purchase.
Good prices and beautiful jewelry Experience Date: April 02, 2021
We have loved them. And the presentation is a 10, the smell, the boxes, the care ... it shows that you do it with love and it reaches us. Thank you very much
Everything great,as always😉 Experience date: April 02, 2021.
As seen in the photos As seen in the photos. Very nice, excellent presentation and good price. Fast shipping.
Jewelry with style and beautiful design... I have shopped twice and each time better....I always take days to have things in the shopping cart because I take time to decide...the jewelry is beautiful and now I love it since I discovered the midi rings...and the ear piercings too!!!! I've been wearing three holes for years but now I love ear cuffs.
Very fast delivery Very fast delivery, the rings are beautiful.
Very fast contact excellent Experience Date: April 02, 2021
I bought a pair of earrings and a... I bought a pair of earrings and a ring. They are ideal, very nice. Just as they look in the pictures. The ring guide, helps a lot to choose the size. Very satisfied. Fast delivery.
SAN SARU boxes I didn't buy any Joyita yet, but I bought two boxes that I needed and I needed them for the next day, I called you by cell phone and you took care of my order and the next day before the hour limit.
One of the best purchases I have ever made One of the best purchases I have ever made, they look great, they are easy to put on and the best thing is that they fit perfectly.
The order consisted of earrings and... The order consisted of earrings and a necklace, which is completely black at the back of the neck.
100% Recommended Excellent value for money Formality with delivery dates.
Perfect As always, everything is perfect, the jewels are beautiful and the shipping is very fast!
The ring is beautiful The ring is beautiful. I loved it, as always.
They are amazing, I bought several little things for me and my best friend for her birthday and we are delighted. From earrings, a necklace, and rings, they are all beautiful, delicate and give a perfect touch. The shipping was very fast and perfect, the wooden boxes are really cute. Without any doubt I will repeat.
Very nice I loved the bracelet, it was for a gift. The shipping was very fast. A 10! I will surely repeat!
Great! I had to make a change and they got back to me very quickly and made the change the next day. One of my favorites now ✌️
Everything perfect Everything perfect! The jewelry just as beautiful as in the photos on the web and very fast delivery.
A very reliable and professional company The jewels are of very good quality and very beautiful. Very fast delivery and the packaging is very well cared for!
Ideal Great! It's not the first time I've bought, and it won't be the last!!!
As seen in the photos As seen in the photos. Very nice, excellent presentation and good price. Fast shipping.
Delighted with min new jewels! Date of the experience: April 02, 2021
Very happy with the purchase. I will repeat Very happy with the purchase. The order arrived very quickly, in my case in 48 hours. In addition, the package was prepared with great care, scented and everything. When I opened it I found a very nice box containing the 2 pairs of earrings I ordered wrapped each pair separately in organza bags along with a thank you note that made me smile. I find the product to be of good quality as the earrings are not heavy, the clasp does not come loose and so far they have not gotten ugly or anything even showering with them on. They cost me 11 euros each pair so the value for money also seems great to me. I totally recommend you to buy them in San Saru.
Well, I am quite a follower of your... Well, I am quite a follower of your jewelry and I have placed lots of orders and I have never had any problems. But in this last one I did, and the truth is that I was quite disappointed. I ordered 3 pairs of earrings and 2 rings. Of the 3 pairs of earrings 2 are defective. One of them is a ring and the hook that goes into the hole comes all bent. And the other is also a ring and the hinge of the stick that goes into the hole does not open at all has a defect ring that does not let the function of the hinge, plus the stick that goes in the hole comes almost half without silver plating, it looks dark when I wear it. If you want I send pictures and you can check it. What angers me the most is that I spend a lot of money for them to come like this.
Perfect All the jewels are very cute, a little smaller than they look and thinner but very nice. The boxes they come in are beautiful and the love with which they come is unique.
Lovely little jewels Lovely little jewels, just as they looked in the picture and good quality. I love them😍😍😍
Totally delighted 😊 I got my order even earlier than it said. Each little box was different and everything was just as I expected it to be beautiful and very good quality. So I am delighted 😊. Keep it up!!! You guys are great!!!
I love all your products I love all your products, especially the earrings and rings. A pity I don't have hands as brown and cute as the ones in the pictures. I will definitely keep buying until I have to start repeating products. Keep it up, you have built an incredible brand.
Beautiful product Beautiful product, I love the presentation always very nice!
Very good result Very good result, I am delighted with my jewelry I ordered. Very good attention and arrived in 2 days (I put the 3-4 shipping with MRW).
Perfect order This is the second time I have ordered from this website and I am very happy. I ordered 3 pairs of earrings and they arrived perfect. Also, it came with a little fabric gift bag that I loved. I hope the gold earrings don't get ugly. I will buy again for sure.
Very happy with the jewels Very happy with the jewels, they are beautiful!
I loved the earrings I loved the earrings, all your products are wonderful!
I recommend them 100% I love them, they are great and of very good quality, and also with a very affordable price. I am very happy with the purchase, I had bought before and will continue to do so.
Order arrives right away Order arrives right away, quality improves in person and the jewelry looks super cool!!!!! Highly recommended 😊
Quality jewelry Beautiful jewelry and very fast shipping! I repeat again and again, I love them
All good except... As for the jewelry, everything perfect, if I do not give 5 stars is because of the delivery service, they should change it, it leaves MUCH to be desired.
It is the first time I order and... It is the first time I order and I am delighted. I will definitely buy again.  Thank you
As always everything has arrived... As always everything has arrived packaged with love, with that special smell of the box and very fast. The ring with the perfect size thanks to the tables that you put and the precious chains. You are the best!
The earrings I ordered are for... The earrings I ordered are for dolls, small, no comparison to the photo...a disappointment. Thank you
Recommended Recommended, fast and serious.
I love the little jewels I love the little jewels, they are so pretty.
Delighted I always buy my jewelry in this store, I love everything they have and they send it very fast.
I love the jewelry on this site! I love the jewelry you have. This is the second time I have ordered from you and everything has been great. I had to change my ring size, and everything has been so easy, it's a pleasure :)
First gift for my girlfriend It was the first gift I gave to my girlfriend. The website shows great jewelry and the online shipping is great. I will always remember San Saru. Now my family is asking me to buy for them and I have already placed several orders.
Me and my daughters liked everything! Date of the experience: March 22, 2021
I love everything!!! In love!!!
As always As always, everything is smaller and finer than expected...
Perfect Perfect! It was the first time I bought and they have been great. One chain came super tangled and they changed it without a problem.
Always perfect I have been buying from Sansaru for several years and every time I am more and more surprised by how professional and careful they are.
I love them! I love them!!! 🤩
Everything perfect Everything perfect. Fast and very attentive
Fast delivery Fast delivery. Good product
Everything perfect Everything perfect. I had to change the size of a ring and they gave me the solution immediately. Super fast shipping, and very happy with my new jewelry :)
They facilitated without any problem the... They facilitated without any problem the change of a ring. They were very fast
The jewels are faithful to the images on the website and the delivery was very fast.
The quality of the jewels is very good... The quality of the jewels is very good and the packaging is beautiful. You can see that everything is made with love, thank you!
In love with San Saru Perfect packaging. Amazing items. Addicted to the brand.
Everything perfect Experience date: March 19, 2021
Delighted with Sansaru All the experiences we have had in the purchases made in Sansaru have been very satisfactory and we are delighted with the speed of shipping and the quality of the jewelry. We love them and they always make us want to keep on buying more!!! We only have positive comments, thank you very much for taking care of the details.
A MAJOR SURPRISE, tomorrow I will give the jewelry box to my daughter, because although it couldn't be for Christmas, I'm sure she will be happy because she doesn't expect it. I thought it was lost.
Very happy with my purchase! Date of experience: March 19, 2021
Delighted once again with the orders! Delighted once again with the orders!!!! ❤️❤️❤️
I am delighted with my order! I am delighted with my order! I arrived super fast and with gifts included I will buy again for sure!!! Thank you for the attention!
I ordered earrings and bracelet and everything... I ordered earrings and bracelet and everything was taken care of in detail, from the box to the jewelry I had a problem with an earring and they solved it right away I'll be back again!
Very good Good prices, nice packaging. I would repeat
Unexpected and uncool knot I got the necklace (for which I paid a shipping surcharge to receive it early as it was a gift) with a knot.
Very fast and as always everything beautiful! Date of the experience: March 19, 2021
Great Great, the order corresponds to what was ordered, loved it, the delivery was very fast.
As always excellent Date of the experience: March 19, 2021
It was perfect. It was perfect for me. They are beautiful
I love it Fast shipping, very well presented and the little jewel I love it!!!!!
In love! Very happy with everything, the jewels, the shipping, the box... in love!
I love the rings I love the rings, they are accurate and arrive very fast.
Precious jewelry and workers... Precious jewelry and workers and workers, a treatment of 10! Thank you very much!
Delighted!!! 😊 I love the ring and they were very quick to send me the order. Everything great!!!
The shipping was very fast and the quality of... The shipping was very fast and the quality of the products is very good. I am satisfied with the purchase and I highly recommend this site!!!!
I only have good words I only have good words. It is the third time I buy and this last time there was a small problem with the earrings I ordered; they solved it right away, without any problem. I also want to highlight, in addition to the kindness and affection with which they treat customers, the speed with which orders arrive 🤩♥️
Fast shipping and with a huge heart. I have placed two orders in a very short time and the shipping was very fast (two days). Although you have the option to buy more special boxes, they put the jewelry in some, which by the way are beautiful, you have the option to order the jewelry in boxes separately as well, although the price goes up a little more. The girls are lovely, they answer super fast and are quite nice. I made a special order, and they made it even more special without knowing it. I totally recommend it, I wish more companies worked with the heart they have.
Jewelry with current designs Very good presentation of the jewelry and very fast shipping. I am very happy with the jewelry purchased. I liked the design.
I love it all Experience Date: March 09, 2021
100% satisfactory experience The service and customer care is wonderful. Almost all my jewelry is from this brand and I am delighted.
The size of the ring is perfect The size of the ring is perfect! and the earrings are so cute! I will repeat!
Delighted with the order I loved the jewelry and it arrived with excellent care. I really liked all the packaging as it can be reused without any problem.
I loved the earrings I ordered I loved the earrings I ordered, perfect quality and size.
Always on time Always on time, good quality and perfect packaging! Congratulations
Design good but I expected more quality The design is good and the presentation of the shipment very successful. As for the quality I expected something more quality, the earrings I bought are very thin.
Very satisfied. The order always arrives on time. With packaging that I love, and the jewelry as always better than I imagine.
A 10! Beautiful jewels and very good attention. A 10 in everything.
Delighted! I love the little jewels that you have and that you make with so much love and the boxes where they come are the most .... I am a loyal buyer of yours and I always recommend you for the quality.
Everything is beautiful Everything is beautiful. I also received the "dream big" pack, so I was very happy. The jewelry boxes are very cute too.
Congratulations Everything is great. It has arrived before the date indicated. I am delighted with ALL your products. This is not the first time I have bought from your store and it will not be the last. I have everything, rings, bracelets, anklets, necklaces. But it is never enough. Thank you very much for your work.
Everything perfect! Everything perfect! I love these little jewels.
I liked very much Packaging very neat, very nice jewelry
The shipping was very fast and the quality of... The shipping was very fast and the quality of the products is very good. I am satisfied with the purchase and I highly recommend this site!!!!
Everything great Everything great! I love your jewelry, since I know you is the only place I buy them. The only thing I can say "bad" is that you charge so much for the boxes. Thanks for the work haceis❤️
An ideal purchase Everything perfect arrived in perfect condition and I liked it very much 🤩🤩🤩🤩.
Everything perfect Everything perfect, the presentation was impeccable and the jewels were beautiful.
Very nice products and packaging... Very nice products and packaging! It arrived very quickly. Thank you
They are always a hit. They are always a hit. Cute jewelry, with identity. Packaking super special with a characteristic smell that I love and I was lucky and I got an anniversary pack. What more can I ask for? I will continue buying, no doubt.
Everything perfect as always Everything perfect as always, nice and quality stuff.
Delighted I arrived very quickly, very good quality and beautiful all the jewels. The exchanges were very easy to make and without any problem.
Honest I haven't really had any problems, so great!
GENIUS GENIUS. A jewel was broken and in 2 days I had another one at home! Super attentive.
Disappointed with the customer service I have always ordered San Santi and very happy with my orders and with the attention. But this last order one of the earrings arrived defective and the other perfectly. I wrote them an email and they told me that being handmade jewelry, they could have defects. I think they had to put that in the product description. Even so of the pair of earrings one was perfect and the other with defects. And they did not give me more solutions. So I will consider a lot to reorder from this site.
I love my new little jewels are... I love my new little jewels are super cute🥰.
I am very pleased with the treatment that you have given me... I am very pleased with the treatment that you have given me. I placed an order and when taking the measurements of my finger I got confused and they immediately solved the problem by sending me my jewelry again with the correct size. I love it:)))
Recommended!!!! Everything perfect!!! As always
I loved it. It has been a fantastic purchase and a great experience, and thank you for the way you prepare everything and the details you have. Thank you very much to all the team that you form San Saru.
Everything very good It's what I was looking for. Everything very easy, they are very attentive. I'm sure I will repeat.
Great😍 The jewelry is super nice. I had a little problem with the sizes and they solved it very quickly.
Beautiful earrings and conform to photos and description of the web I am delighted with the jewelry I ordered, the state in which they have arrived and the speed, as well as the gifts included in the order.
Super good Super good , I had to do a ring size change and super fast and efficient delighted.
I loved my purchase I loved my purchase! The earrings are very cute, arrived in a very short time and in beautiful boxes. I will surely come back again :)
Very happy with all the products... Very happy with all the products received and their quality.
Excellent service. Date of experience: March 05, 2021
I like your style of jewelry I like your style of jewelry, they are beautiful and with a touch of character. The purchase is easy because the website is good and the delivery, the packaging, the presentation is great.
Everything perfect and arrived very fast but a... Everything perfect and arrived very fast but despite using the ring guide I got the wrong size.
The jewels are just like in the picture The jewels are just like in the picture, beautiful. The shipping was very fast
Thank you very much Thank you very much, all very nice
Better impossible Better impossible, fast presentation, the jewels! 100% recommendable
Delighted When I want to buy any jewelry I know where to go. I loved everything, and even though I ordered a size too big for me, they exchanged it very quickly, in a very simple way (no need to print anything and in a single shipment they made the exchange, free of charge). The truth is that I was very happy and surprised by the good attention and service, and I can not stop looking at my new rings!
Improve the photos to make the pieces more real There were two pendants! One is wonderful and the other one disappointed me. And that I already have another pendant with precious stone yours , and I was super happy, both the stone and the setting is just as in the photo. This has nothing to do with the photo of the online store the color of the rose quartz is almost nonexistent even knowing that being a gemstone there are many variants, but it is almost colorless, and the filigree that holds the stone, in the photo looks elaborate and really is very simple .... I still love your store !!!! It is very fresh , and you are always innovating looking for sales with fun for customers .
Completely recommended purchase :) The earrings were for a gift and the person loved them! They are very nice and look very very good, without being very large they capture the attention.  As for the presentation, I was thinking of wrapping them when I received the order, but the presentation of the box is so neat that nothing else is required. The presentation of both the earrings box and the shipping box is impeccable.  I did not know this site, it was recommended to me, but I will definitely buy something again :)  To put some but, perhaps the closure of the earrings does not convince me much to not be one of those that fits but you have to open it to place it. Maybe if you have to put them on and off several times it can be annoying that way of closing. But once put on they close perfectly.
I love the little jewels I love the little jewels, the deal and the way everything smells. Thank you for the Dream Big pack
Very nice jewelry and customer service ... Very nice jewelry and great customer service.
Very very happy I am thrilled!!! Beautiful everything and I was able to make a return and in just two days I had my new jewel, you guys are great.
Perfect The necklace was for a gift and she loved it! Regarding the shipping, it couldn't have been faster, it arrived the next day.
Happy with my purchase I bought a midi and I love it. This is the third time I have purchased from San Saru and I am very happy. I got the wrong size and they were very kind and attentive to help me change it.
Everything perfect Date of the experience: March 05, 2021
I loved my purchase I loved my purchase! The earrings are very cute, arrived in a very short time and in beautiful boxes. I will surely come back again :)
Precious I love the jewelry, all very well presented, very happy, I will not hesitate to place another order.
I bought several earrings and phenomenal I bought several earrings and phenomenal, they seem quality and are according to the pictures and descriptions. I love the wooden boxes they come in, but since they are 100% ecological, I had the bags that come inside left over. I try not to use plastic and because of the packaging I know they use, I decided to buy from San Saru. As a suggestion for improvement, the bags are not necessary, they already come in the boxes!
I love the order but especially the... I love the order but especially the attention and patience of them, the San Saru girls, I had a problem and they solved it without discrepancy.
Incredible I love your jewelry. The shipping is super fast and the boxes are beautiful, you have a lot of charm. I will definitely repeat
I love them! I love all your jewelry, it's beautiful! The shipments arrive very fast and the customer service is awesome.
They cost a little bit to put on, but I loved them and they look very cool.
In love The jewels are beautiful and of very good quality, the best I've seen. Also the customer service and the exchanges are fantastic. This is my third purchase, I have 8 of their rings, two pendants and I got the Dream Big pack. Delighted, from the bottom of my heart.
Delighted with you! Everything that has come to me was as advertised on the web, serious and fast delivery service, fast and great customer service, I had a problem and I solved it in a seen and not seen. From my point of view, a 10 for you. Salut!
Great Great, as always. I told them about my problem and I immediately got an answer with the solution. I highly recommend your little gems.
Very fast delivery (earlier than... Very fast delivery (earlier than expected) very nice and perfumed packaging, unexpected and very appreciated poetry, spectacular jewelry!
Individual boxes I paid for the jewels to arrive in different boxes and they did not. I got the basic box that is always sent and another one, but this last one was the one that was included in the Dream Big pack. However, San Saru contacted me right away and we solved the problem!
I love all the products since I... I love all the products since I got the dream big pack but the earrings are quite complicated to put on by myself because the way of closing is difficult very thin in fact I had to put them on... but I am delighted and I have not taken them off.
A 10 ! I bought several pieces to give to my daughter for her 15th birthday, she loved everything ! All the pieces, the little boxes that are cute, the vanity case and the gift bag, she is happy !!! !!! She will repeat for sure ! Also congratulate you for the management of the order and delivery, everything perfect! Thank you very much
Great as always. Very nice things, a pleasure to buy as always,
A very detailed order, with very good quality jewelry. A very well wrapped order, well cared for and pampered in detail. The jewels are beautiful and of very good quality, the truth is that the brand is very worthwhile and I will repeat without a doubt.
I loved them I loved them, they are very nice and I loved the details that the order brings😊.
The earrings are defective The earrings are defective, the stones fell out the second day I wore them. The quality of the product is terrible. I would like to get a solution because they have been 24 euros thrown away.
The cute jewels The cute jewels. I got the dream big pack as a gift and I loved it. Everything was great. The shipping is as indicated.
I love the order but especially the... I love the order but especially the attention and patience of them, the San Saru girls, I had a problem and they solved it without discrepancy.
I am delighted I am delighted, I ordered quickly and without problems. The process is totally secure and the package arrived very quickly, it was well protected and the products are of good quality. The package is scented and the jewelry is in perfect condition. It looks like something made with love and it shows. The boxes that come with the jewelry are beautiful. I will definitely order again.
Delighted Everything came perfectly packaged. The jewelry is exactly as in the pictures, good quality and beautiful.
Incredible store, service and quality of their products It's amazing how fast the shipments are, how protected the earrings are and how they take care of every detail. It is the second time I order in Sansaru and I am delighted with the quality of the products. 10!
Great The shipments are super fast, everything super nice and polished.
All my jewels I buy in San... All my jewels I buy in San saru, they are beautiful. The shipping is perfect, the customer service is great. I always repeat and will always repeat.
My jewels meet all expectations My jewels arrived immediately, also before buying them I had doubts and I contacted them, they responded immediately in a very friendly way and clarified all my doubts. The jewels meet all expectations, I will continue to buy here without thinking about it!
Everything perfect. I repeat 🥰 The order arrived in Germany very quickly. The box and wrappings are almost as nice as the little jewels. I had to make an exchange and the person I contacted replied very promptly and was very nice. The jewelry is beautiful. Thank you for everything.
Simply great The jewelry is beautiful and the service is wonderful. 100% recommendable. I will order more. ❤️
Total success I love the products, I would have taken more jewels! I have known you for several years and have already bought from you twice. I love the quality of the products and their design, all the jewels are beautiful and very versatile.
Very good The shipment was very fast and the rings do not disappoint in quality or beauty.
A marvel A marvel! Great quality jewelry and they look beautiful. Fast shipping and everything very well packaged :)
Delighted with the jewels and with San Saru in general. Delighted with the jewels and with the fast and efficient way this company works.
Perfect experience! Date of experience: February 26, 2021
I love everything I order I love everything I order, you guys are great.
Delighted. Totally recommended. I ordered several earrings and I loved them. Also the presentation and the little details. They come in cute boxes and the toiletry bag and gift bag are beautiful. I will definitely repeat.
I love San Saru ❤️ Experience Date: February 22, 2021
REGULAR The products were very easily soiled, so I doubt that they are real silver or even gold plated. They are very nice but the price does not seem to me to be adequate for the functionality they have.
The deal is fantastic The deal is fantastic, the shipping is fast and the return is fast. They are wonderful people who try to make the whole process fast and efficient.
I love your jewelry I love your jewelry, thank you so much!
The necklace is very nice but the... The necklace is very nice but the chain has broken on my partner in less than one month.
In detail I loved it, I can see the love you put in your work. Thank you
Very very nice. Date of the experience: February 20, 2021
100% recommended 100% recommended. The jewels are beautiful and the shipping is very fast. I bought them in the afternoon and they arrived the next morning. I will definitely continue to buy more jewelry!
Great A very satisfying experience that I would not hesitate to repeat.
Much mimo Bonitas. They have put a lot of love and care to the packaging and presentation. I recommend San Saru. It is neither the first nor the last time I buy a little jewel here.
Good buy! Everything went very well! When I saw the earrings I imagined them a little bit bigger, but I love them and I wear them every day! By the way, I have a comment about the website: I think your site is very good for mobile version, but in desktop version the products are not just well appreciated at a glance, you always have to go into detail to see them better. Also the background is so light that some earrings are not distinguishable and look the same. Anyway, I love your jewelry!
Delighted with my little jewels Delighted with my little jewels. Both rings and pendants of natural stones. I didn't get the size of the rings right the first time and it was very easy to change them for ones that did fit. The gift boxes are ideal. I have already placed 2 orders, and I will repeat.
Super happy!!!!! Hello! I am super delighted with this brand, the products are fantastic and quality, and the treatment is unbeatable. The people who make up this team is undoubtedly what characterizes them. I recently placed an order for 2 necklaces, which arrived the next day, very fast shipping. The necklaces were beautiful, there was only one that I wanted to have a little more color. When I contacted them I was attended to 10 at all times and I made the change for another without problems and suuper fast too. In short, I highly recommend that people buy from this brand, I will certainly repeat. Thank you very much for everything😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍 Very happy😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Nice but poor presentation I bought a pendant, very nice, but the chain came with many knots. It should be presented in a way that it does not tangle. It was a gift and it loses a little with that presentation.
Although I expected a little more warmth... Although I expected a little more warmth for the price... they are beautiful earrings.
Preciosas Preciosas! My daughter turned 18 and she loved them!!!
Recommended Sent very fast and packaged with attention to detail. The earrings are beautiful and of good quality.
Ring the ring, the box and the perfume are great, but the price is excessive....
Excellent as always Shopping at San Saru is always nice to give as a gift for any occasion. This last time I had to exchange an order due to ordering one size down and the next day it was up and running with a perfect exchange.
I found the... I found the ring rather weak... I found the ring rather weak...
The necklace is very nice but the... The necklace is very nice but the chain has broken on my partner in less than one month.
Great! Excellent product and deal!
Not at all what I expected Not at all what I expected, very undervalued, I bought three pendants of which one came with a mark on the silver and the other came with a knot, I lost half an hour of my life undoing it that time I will not be able to recover, although the chains are much smaller than what you see in the pictures. The only thing I liked were the little boxes.
Little treasures. Everything arrived super fast 💞 Also, the packaging and gifts are beautiful. I fell in love with so much detail. The little jewels are little treasures.
Great Super nice and very fast shipping.
The experience has been very positive. The super close and affectionate treatment, since I asked through social networks some doubts, the exquisite packaging, and high quality products. I bought to give me a treat and I am looking forward to give me another one very soon. Thank you san saru for everything <3
NOT MATCHING QUALITY PRICE the three things I ordered, I like them and they are nice. But the bracelets, I think they fit too much with the picture. They are thinner than they look in the picture, and they are a little short. I have a small wrist and they fit. But they are just right. And what I do not like, is the piece of chain to adjust, which is too thin.
Excellent service and jewels I am very happy with my purchase from San Saru. The order arrived the next day and the jewels are just as I imagined, beautiful!
Very happy Everything very well. The delivery time and the quality of the jewels :)
Very good rating Punctual delivery and very appropriate presentation of the jewelry
In love with everything I bought😍✨... In love with everything I bought😍✨ I'll repeat 👍
I am delighted with the great product... I am delighted with the great quality product at a very good price. And the earrings are small and thin, just the way I like them.
Everything perfect Everything perfect. Fast and comfortable uy delighted with the packaging. Very cute!!! Congratulations!!!
I love your store I love your store. Very affordable prices and quality jewelry with beautiful designs. Fast shipping.
Always enchanted with the jewels of... Always enchanted with the jewels of San Saru 😊
I loved what I ordered!!!! I loved what I ordered!!!! It was just as I expected and from the first moment I started using it and I am thrilled!!!!! And I love how it is stored!!!! Beautifully shaped, neat and delicate!!!!!
Friendly and professional with very nice designs I ordered a ring and I got the wrong size. They changed it for me without having to leave the house super fast and the ring is beautiful. They are very kind. I will definitely buy again.
Me encanta Super contenta
Great shopping experience Great, the jewels arrived in perfect condition, the presentation of them was exquisite, they came in a subtly scented box, so the experience of opening them gained points of surprise. We were very happy with the shopping experience and with the products.
I loved everything I loved everything. The speed of delivery, all the packaging, the jewels of course, are wonderful. As soon as I received an order I placed another one, and I will continue to do so because I have discovered a new world with your store. It's all beautiful, I love it. Congratulations to the whole team!
I love how they prepare the jewelry I love how they prepare the jewelry, how fine they are and especially the treatment, they answer you within 2 seconds of asking them something, if you have any questions they call you. I am delighted.
I ordered 3 silver necklaces to wear at the same time. They are very thin and beautiful. I love them!
I love your jewels I love your jewels, maybe I find it expensive that you have to reach 50 euros to avoid paying shipping costs but otherwise, regarding the waiting time and the jewels themselves, I am delighted.
All very fast and very good Date of experience: February 13, 2021
10/10 10/10! Everything perfect I can not complain, and the jewels are beautiful I do not take them off!!!!
Super good everything Super good everything! I will definitely buy again
Everything is good! I have nothing bad to say, I have bought a thousand times and will continue to do so without a doubt. The jewelry is beautiful, you take care of every detail, I love Sansaru. The only bad thing, it's addictive! I can't go in to gossip because I end up buying something.
The jewels are precious The jewels are precious. If they already look like it in pictures once you see them in person you fall in love. The designs are incredible and the care along with the shipping details can not be better.
A customer service of 10 The jewelry I loved but I also had to make a change of size and everything was easy and was handled super fast. A customer service of 10
I am delighted with the jewelry and how easy it was to return some piercings that I had bought in the wrong size. Thank you
Christmas box in the middle of February Well, in the middle of February, I got a Christmas box for Valentine's Day..........
I loved it!!! as always great I loved it!!! as always great, the boxes are beautiful, and the jewelry...SIN PALABRAS❤️
It's the second time I buy and I'm... It's the second time I buy and I'm delighted! I will certainly buy again 😉 I love everything 🔝 Thank you very much San Saru 😊
Very happy with the product Very happy with the product. Very fast shipping and in very good condition. It was a birthday gift and it did the job perfectly. I will buy from this store again.
Customer service of 10 and brutal experience... Customer service of 10 and amazing shopping experience!
All correct and faithful to what was announced. All correct and faithful to what was advertised. Very happy with the purchase.
Beautiful jewelry The jewelry is beautiful and the customer service very good. I had a problem with the size of a ring and the communication via email was very fast, as well as the change in one day was done. It is a very nice and friendly team. To put a small downside, I found it a little difficult to get the size of the rings right, because although I downloaded the templates and even making the change by re-measuring the finger, I failed again with the size, although I coupled it to another finger. For other occasions I hope to get it right, because I will surely repeat!
Very happy with the order Very happy with the order. I love it!!!
I love how they prepare the jewelry I love how they prepare the jewelry, how fine they are and especially the treatment, they answer you within 2 seconds of asking them something, if you have any questions they call you. I am delighted.
I love them 😍 the little jewels are not the... I love them 😍 the little jewels are not the first and they are not the last
It was the first time I ordered in San Saru and it was a real success. Jewels full of personality and charm. Super fast shipping. And applicable discount code as advertised on your page. It was my first order of many. Thanks you have beautiful things!
Wonderful as always Date of the experience: February 12, 2021
Very nice and very affordable jewelry Experience date: February 12, 2021
All the earrings and chains that I have... All the earrings and chains that I have ordered in San Saru are ideal! Just as they are shown on the web, perfect for every day or for special occasions depending on how they are combined with other jewelry. Also the shipping is super fast and the packaging is super cute. Not to mention the gifts they give you when you exceed a certain amount of money in your order (I already have two fabric bags and a fabric bag).
The earrings are very nice and of... The earrings are very nice and of good quality. Very fast shipping. Very happy with the purchase. 100% recommendable
Hello San Saru team 🥰 Hello San Saru team, I am a very regular customer of yours and I have rated you with 5 stars because your products are super cute and very cool to look at, they are good quality products and I love them! I really like your products.  Best regards.
The packaging is great I couldn't like it any more... The packaging is great I couldn't like it any more! And the message on the card is top notch!
Delighted with San Saru Delighted with the package received, all items in perfect condition and faithful to the description and photographs shown on the website. Also, very nice and scented packaging.
Very fast and they made it very easy for me to... Very fast and they made it very easy for me to change my size.
Delighted with the purchase. The customer service has been great, the shipping was fast and the jewels are beautiful. Delighted with the purchase, I will buy again :)
Delighted with everything Date of the experience: February 12, 2021
I love them, they are all beautiful and of good quality, I always have allergies and with these little jewels nothing at all, I have ordered twice and I will definitely do it again.
Always a hit I love all the jewelry you have. I have a lot and will continue to buy without hesitation. Best choice when I have to give a gift ( and my husband's to me too ). I would buy all of them 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
The jewels are super nice and the... The jewels are super nice and the attention, if you have any problem, is fantastic. I will order again very soon
A ten! A ten! The order arrived much earlier than I expected. Everything came super beautifully packaged, with every detail thought out. I loved it!
Delivery within the time I was told... Delivery within the time I was told and the presentation of the jewel was perfect. Delighted with everything!
Great Everything perfect, unbeatable attention, thanks for everything. Good quality and very nice everything.
Fast and good quality It arrived very quickly and the products I ordered were in perfect condition and very good quality. Very happy with the purchase.
I love your jewelry💖 I love your jewelry💖 The packaging is beautiful, the professionalism and good taste in every detail is noticeable.
Professionalism and closeness at the same time... It was for a gift and the presentation was impeccable. Every detail makes it special and it was fast. Very happy with the service. I will repeat
Fast service Fast, friendly and effective service
Everything perfect Everything perfect! As always we will buy again.
Good 😊 Fast delivery and great stuff.
As always, great! Just as I expected.
Good delivery, good ring, excellent presentation! Everything perfect, on time, in the size of the ring, we loved the presentation.... The only thing is that the color of the stone varies a little (it is a little less intense) but it is still a nice ring. As this last point is already warned on the web, the 5 stars are just enough. We will repeat with more purchases for sure. :)
Impeccable treatment and professionalism. Impeccable treatment and professionalism. A pleasure to be able to contribute so that you can continue to grow. No doubt I will be tempted again!
Sansaru is always the best option Sansaru is always the best option to buy jewelry. I am a ring nut and would take ALL of them.
Everything perfect Everything perfect! I love the jewel, it arrived within the indicated time. NO complaints!
Beautiful designs!!!a lot of care and very... Beautiful designs!!!a lot of care and very well cared for all the management!!!!
Delighted with the earrings Delighted with the earrings. They were a gift for my mother and she loved them.
Everything great Everything great, lovely people. They have solved the change I needed without any problem and super fast. Also, highlight how nice the products are !!!!
Fast, good quality and loyalty Fast, good quality and has that differential touch between close, simply with the perfume that they put in the package, the emoticons of monkeys .... They are pocls details that make, at least to me, that we think that ostenta preocupais by us and that we fidelicemos
I love it I have bought many times in Sansaru and they have beautiful jewels and fast shipping. I will repeat more times for sure
I chose the fastest shipping and it arrived without... I chose the fastest shipping and it arrived without problems in 24 hours. Great service from San Saru.
I will repeat Very good jewels, good quality. I will repeat
Fast and good quality It arrived very quickly and the products I ordered were in perfect condition and very good quality. Very happy with the purchase.
The deal was wonderful The deal was wonderful. I had to make a return and it was fast and hassle free. Thank you very much
Delighted as always with the whole... Delighted as always with the whole order!!! 😍
I will buy again beautiful earrings. The reality is faithful to the photos. Quick delivery and packing care and fine. I will buy again without doubts.
A 10! I am very satisfied with everything, the purchase, the delivery service, the speed, the presentation... 10!
Everything perfect Everything perfect. Very fast delivery and the customer service is spectacular. keep it up!
The jewelry is identical to the photos and... The jewelry is identical to the photos and the gold does not lose color with washing.
Beautiful and efficient. I have ordered several times on this website and the experience has always been more than satisfactory. On the one hand, the products are ten (beautiful and of equal quality); and on the other hand, the treatment and customer service are unbeatable, always with kindness as a maxim. It should also be noted that the shipping is very fast. On one occasion I had to change a product and everything was very convenient. You can tell that it is an entity that takes care of even the smallest detail and that is constantly reflected in everything.
Great! Very happy with the purchase, customer service and after sales service of 10, and the jewelry is very nice 😍😍.
Super recommended in every way! Quality, design and friendliness Great product, and exchange facilities. Fast response and super friendly staff.
I received my order super fast and with... I received my order super fast and with an incredible presentation. Very good quality
Satisfactory change It was a change. The team has been great in the management and they have made everything easy for me! And the products are beautiful
Delighted I am delighted with the rings. Thank you!!!
Fatal Fatal, I made 3 purchases of rings. One of them just take out the stick from inside the hole and I was left with the stick in my hand, it broke suddenly and without force. Then the other rings cost a lot to put you have to do miracles and bend the bar and are fatal, I do not recommend anything, what a disappointment.
VERY RUSHY DELIVER Super happy with my orders. However, I give 3 stars because the delivery person was VERY rude and arrogant, demanding over the phone that the person who was at home (who was not me) go out to pick up the order on the street because he was not going to park (knowing for a fact that I had room to park in front of my house without bothering anyone and trying to explain where because he was not even on my street). When I explained over the phone that the person who was at home teleworking might be in a meeting and to please ring the doorbell, he kept telling me that he was not going to get out and DEMANDING that someone come down the street perpendicular to mine. He finally ended up ringing the doorbell like he was going to burn it down (while having me on the phone) and being VERY rude. When they opened the door for him, he asked for the ID from the person who picked it up and threw the package from the garden gate (lucky it wasn't fragile at all). I have NEVER had anything like this happen to me before. ALUCINATED.
Spectacular everything always Spectacular everything always. 😘
Perfect Everything beautiful as seen on the web. Super fast shipping and the order very carefully, with great detail. I will definitely repeat!
Great jewelry Very fast shipping. Jewelry very bright, clean and good quality. Pretty much matches the photo.
The jewels are beautiful The jewels are beautiful, from the jewel, to the box in which it comes. The order arrived super fast in 1 or 2 days, I do not remember exactly. I will buy again for sure!
Fast Fast, no problem at all, and beautiful packaging
Article exchange The article exchange was very easy, fast and efficient. Thank you very much for all the facilities!
Everything is great! Everything great, as always! Fast shipping, prepared with detail and care, and without plastics. All the jewels came perfect!
The best customer service I have ever... The best customer service I have encountered in a long time.
Everything is perfect! I love all the jewels, they are fine and beautiful, as well as the boxes where they come. I have ordered several times and everything is always correct and the shipping is fast. I will repeat for sure, as I have been doing :)
Much more than jewelry First thank you very much because I ordered some jewelry and I received a package full of love in addition to the precious jewelry. A 10 in details, the perfume when I opened the package, in the boxes, in the speed. Perfect as a gift. The jewels are precious, from experience I know that a jewel must be evaluated with time and using it. That's why I don't want to give them 5 stars. But only for that. Because first of all highly recommended. A note. At the time of payment I did not find the 10% discount option they advertised. Maybe I missed it because it is not easily found.
The presentation of the jewelry is lousy The presentation of the jewelry is lousy, I asked to write a note on the gift and they did it by hand, a real shame. I will never buy from this store again
I loved the jewelry! I loved the jewelry! The order arrived very quickly and I love the boxes the jewelry came in. The only thing is that the talit earrings in the pictures and in the description looked like they were bigger than they really are. But they are beautiful anyway!
Everything perfect Everything perfect. The rings were beautiful and arrived very quickly. The presentation of the package was exquisite and with gift included. Thank you for everything.
Very very very very bieeeeen💗 The truth is that everything is great, I placed the order and in about two days it was in my house. I am very happy with the products, they are as shown and quality. It is not the first time I order on this website (nor will it be the last hahahahahah) so I expected it. To repeat again and again.
As always, great. They are beautiful and good quality jewelry for a super reasonable price.
All very well. Date of the experience: January 22nd, 2021
Very nice! The delivery was very fast and the jewels are very cute! They come in a very cute box too.
It arrived earlier than expected It arrived earlier than expected, fulfilled everything the website said, and with a very good presentation.
Fast Fast, no problems at all, and the packaging was beautiful.
I have already ordered 2 times and I am... I have already ordered 2 times and I am delighted with the jewelry and the service they provide. The shipping is very fast, and the quality and price are very good too.
Great! Great! The jewels are beautiful and of very good quality, very fast shipping and customer service of 10!!!!
Web highly recommended The experience with the purchase I made in San Saru was so good, I repeated a week later to buy a gift for a friend. The shipment arrived very quickly. What I liked most was the packaging of both orders, very tasteful and very nice, perfect to send as a gift. The items I bought were exactly as they appeared on the web. Quality/price of 10. Totally recommended.
Delighted Delighted, beautiful bracelet and very delicate😍.
I love your jewelry, you are a... I love your jewelry, you are a company that works very well, polite and with great materials, I will keep buying again and again whenever I can!!!;-)
Recommended! A good purchase and received as directed! The product is what is shown so I am happy with the purchase!
I will come back again. Excellent work. Quick delivery, with a beautiful and super careful presentation. In addition to using an environmentally friendly packaging. I had to change one of the products I ordered because I had the wrong size: they responded immediately with the steps to follow and everything was quick and easy. I am very happy.
Delighted with everything! Delighted with everything!!! Looking forward to ordering again
I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a fast, high quality and good customer service. The only thing is that they charge shipping costs but otherwise everything is fine.
Punctual and efficient. Everything very correct, punctual and product equal to the photo displayed on the web. Totally recommendable. Without a doubt, I will buy again in San Saru.
The jewelry I have purchased so far... The jewelry I have purchased so far is beautiful and I am delighted with your work.
It is not good quality silver, the... It is not good quality silver, the earrings bend just looking at them. Also I can only use silver in the ears because the other materials give me allergies, and these just put them on me have made me allergic reaction, which had never happened to me with silver, so they are not earrings of the quality indicated.
Originals I like all the items in general are very original I only find lacking in the earrings some with brilliant.
Perfect Beautiful jewelry and very good quality. De 10!!!
They are beautiful I loved them Date of the experience: December 04, 2020
I do not think I will repeat I bought a ring and a pair of earrings two months ago, the ring so far well, but one of the earrings that I have not used yet because I have only one I went today to use it and is like rusty, is still in the same organza bag where they send it and with the box, along with more earrings from other sites and only has become ugly that ...
Good presentation and quality. The presentation is unbeatable, they take care of every detail. Fast shipping even ahead of schedule. Great quality. Very happy with the purchase.
I bought several rings and a pair of earrings and I am delighted. The silver is seen to be of quality and the stones of the rings the same. I will definitely buy again in Sansaru :)
Delighted Everything great, fast shipping and the rings are ideal!!!!
super good quality and very nice I love it, perfect size, very good quality, very reliable, perfect site.
Incredible very happy Date of experience: December 04, 2020
To repeat Very good delivery and return service, also very nice jewelry.
I love everything they have and of... I love everything they have and of good quality. The shipping is fast.
Recommended Always on time and with a very good customer service. Everything I have purchased has been to my satisfaction. Absolutely recommended.
Always 10! Always 10! Quality, design and price
Very happy with my purchase! Very happy with my first order, they were 2 rings for my daughter, when I tried them on they were small, but I contacted the company to change the size and everything was very easy on their part, I am very grateful for how quickly they solved the problem. We will repeat for sure, they have beautiful things!
I love your jewelry I love your jewelry, it is beautiful, very good quality and arrives very nice in the box, and the order arrives super fast.
Everything perfect Everything perfect, very good in all aspects. Recommended 100x100
Fantastic earrings, fast shipping Fantastic hoop earrings! And very fast shipping and customer service (I loved the little card).
Everything great Everything great, very fast, very well packaged and the jewelry beautiful.
Garaj earrings fabulous Garaj earrings, very good quality and design. A 10.
I love your products are... I love your products are beautiful and of good quality. The customer service is great, you are very nice and attentive and also very fast. I would recommend my friends to buy from you.
I love them!!! I love them! In addition to precious,You notice that they are of quality, because I have allergies. Recommended 100×100
I love how you work I love how you work, the love you put into everything. How well designed is the web, the mails so loving, the packaging so careful, the attention by RRSS...
Everything was perfect The presentation was very nice, the gifts were very cool and the jewels enchanted them.
They are charming little jewels. They are charming little jewels. Spectacular quality at a spectacular price. Highly recommended!
Divine and great! I loved it!
The product, the service and the packaging are excellent. I love San Saru.
Super good quality Super good quality, I loved everything!
Everything perfect Everything perfect, especially the service!
Very fast shipping Very fast shipping, great customer service! They solve any problem! Very happy! Thank you!
In love! I love all the little jewels you make and your style!
I love this store I love this store and its products. The shipping has been satisfactory and fast. It's great that they send you promo codes for your next purchase with your order.
I love all the jewelry I love all the jewelry! But the Chandra earrings, having the little moon attachment at the top, don't fit my ear.... Other than that, it's all beautiful and very well made!
They are fantastic They are fantastic. I love them 😍
Great customer service Great customer service. I made a mistake with the size of a ring and in less than two days they sent me a refund. Everything very easy and dynamic! The jewelry is beautiful. Delighted with my products.
Delighted with the ring The ring is very nice and very comfortable to wear, arrived very quickly, delighted.
Perfect for a gift They are for a gift and the truth is that I have been very happy with the product, you can tell that they are of quality and the packaging seems beautiful! I'm sure my friends will love it, I can't wait to give it to them.
Everything great and fast Date of experience: November 14, 2020
The ring beautiful and delivery super... The ring beautiful and delivery super fast, but I have some earrings that are impossible to close and I can not wear them.
Delighted They can not be more beautiful and original!  The closure that I liked the most is the ring that splits in two, it is super practical. soon I hope there will be more models in gold to order :)
I really like the speed with which you... I really like the speed with which you serve the products, the presentation and packaging and the details you have. I have some difficulty in calculating the sizes of the jewelry, in relation to the photos, but since I have placed several orders, I am already having experience.  Thank you.
Delighted with the product and the... Delighted with the product and the service! Whenever I have the opportunity, I recommend you. Keep it up!
I love the originality of the... I love the originality of the designs and the treatment received, I just wish you had larger sizes. Otherwise everything is fine and correct. I would like to thank you for your service.
Everything perfect as always! Date of experience: November 14, 2020
Super good quality Super good quality, I loved everything!
As always I have loved As always I have loved, excellent quality, very nice and fine design and very fast service, also always have the detail of sending a bag or very cool toiletry bag. Delighted with my purchase
Fantastic By instagram the girls helped me a lot to make a combination of little jewels that I liked. I love San saru :)
Excellent! Hey, I don't wear jewelry but my sister is a big fan. Your site always gives me what I need to make her happy. She is thrilled with her latest gift!!! The set for the discount was great and the whole process was super easy and fast.
Superb quality Superb quality, excellent presentation and speedy delivery
Everything perfect Everything perfect, and delighted with my purchase!!!! Thank you very much!
Everything perfect Everything perfect, delivery, packaging and of course the jewel, it is just as on the web. We will repeat.
The treatment has always been exquisite The treatment has always been exquisite, the products are of good quality, the web very intuitive and proactive to the purchase. They also offer a youthful and polite image that few companies offer.
Everything perfect Everything perfect, I love all the rings. Beautiful!!!
The products are beautiful and how... The products are beautiful and how they come wrapped, the smell,... perfect shipping.
Quality earrings The earrings are a blast and, as for the shipping and packaging great. This is the second time I bought from sansaru and I will do it again for sure!
I am not saying that their products are bad, but as a company they leave much to be desired. My case is the following: I place my order and when I get home I receive two earrings totally different from what I ordered. I contact them and the solution is that I have to print a label (I don't have a printer) and I have to send it to a dhl point that near my house there are only two points, one is closed and the other one doesn't work with dhl parcel. I contact them again to ask them to find a way to send it to my home and they tell me that I have to take care of it myself (I have to call a 902 number...). Conclusion, I do not commit the fault and I have to find the life to solve the problem and they who commit the fault do not care or help you in anything. Very disappointed. To all this, until I send the package and they arrive without any problem they will not send my order, ALUCINATING.
I bought a week ago some earrings... I bought a week ago some earrings as a gift for a friend and she loved them. The order came in perfect condition and the delivery was faster than expected. Thank you.
Beautiful pendant and has arrived very... Beautiful pendant and has arrived very quickly. It is not the first time I buy in this store and always very happy.
All correct. Date of experience: November 09, 2020
The jewels arrived to me in one day and... The jewels arrived to me in one day and I am delighted with them!!! thank you!
Mama and induma bracelets. This is my second experience with San Saru, which I bought the bracelet "mama" and "induma". The first one was a gift for my mother and she loved it! It is very thin and pretty, she wears it all the time, she doesn't take it off at all. And for me I bought the INDUMA bracelet, to go together with the AMMA necklace and FIROZA earrings (both with turquoise blue stone, already bought previously). I really like it because it is very light and comfortable to wear. Besides, I am very happy!!!
the products are nice, but not worth the price the products are nice, but i was expecting something more "punchy". in the pictures they look super nice and in reality it's more like normal. if the price was lower, there would be no complaints, but i think it's not according to the product. thanks anyway, because i will use them.
Everything perfect Date of experience: November 07, 2020
Order of earrings The order arrived on the date indicated and very well taken care of, I will repeat for sure!!!!
Super fast and very attentive Super fast and very attentive. Excellent service
Very nice Very nice, just like the photo.
Good quality and beautiful I love the earrings they look beautiful 💖 💕 😍.
I.love.them. I.love.them. But I.love all the ones in the catalog.I'm looking for a specific earring for Daith.can you give me information? Thanks
Everything perfect Everything perfect, delivery, packaging and of course the jewel, it is just as on the web. We will repeat.
I love my order I love my order. Very fast shipping and very tasteful packaging. Excellent. I'm sure I'll continue to buy little things....
My go-to jewelry store!!!! Very fast shipping and perfect quality! My head jewelry store!
I have always had trouble finding rings in my size because I have very narrow fingers. I was able to find out (finally!) my sizes thanks to the guide that San Saru has posted and available for free on their website. That's how I discovered the store.  I bought five rings and three pairs of earrings and in less than 48 hours they had already arrived. All of them beautiful! One of the rings was too small (my mistake, I made a mistake with the size), and they changed it in 24 hours without charging me anything and with great ease and kindness.
Good buy Very nice earrings
I love the bracelets and the shipping was... I love the bracelets and the shipping was very fast
Very happy with the order Very happy with the order, I received it very fast and the jewelry is beautiful🥰.
Laura Linero They make beautiful things! I love them and the good thing is that it doesn't take long to arrive ☺️
It's been great It's been great! 😍
I really like everything you have I really like everything you have, and always so fast shipping. Best regards.
Everything is perfect Experience date: October 16, 2020
Very fast and perfect Very fast and perfect, the rings Give more size than in the guides on the page, to keep in mind.
I was already super in love with my second... I was already super in love with my second order, with the third one I was already out of love with how beautiful it is, the right sizes the exceptional treatment and always super well scented everything I will soon prepare the next one I love it all
The box in which the jewel came in was very... The box in which the jewel came in was very cute🥰 I can see that you put a lot of love in each order. I will definitely repeat.
The items purchased in question are... The items purchased in question are of quality and very nice design . Fair price and good communication with the seller. We will continue to purchase pieces as they match each other . Bracelet, ring, earrings for example. Very pleased
Great I had already bought before (autoregalinchis) but this time I bought a bracelet that was part of the gift to my mother for her 60th birthday and she loved it! As always, it arrived on time and the packaging 😍.
Great as always Great as always, always meet deadlines, unbeatable packaging and super close treatment. Also this time I asked if they could put two jewels in two different boxes because one was for a gift and they did it without having to! They are great💜
Great wedding favors for special guests I bought some favors for my wedding guests and I couldn't be more satisfied. When I didn't receive a box for each item, (I didn't know it was like that), I contacted SAN SARU via whatsapp and they immediately explained it to me and sent the ones I needed at no cost. The products are quality, with beautiful designs and with a very reasonable price. I will definitely buy again.
Ordered well, quality bad The order arrived on time and everything correct but a few days later the anuk necklace I ordered turned completely black.
Great everything!!! Great everything!!! Beautiful ring. Exquisite treatment, I had a question and they fixed it right away. I will buy again soon.
She loved the gift She loved the gift. It arrived quickly and on top of that the product is of good quality.
I love the bracelets and the shipping was... I love the bracelets and the shipping was very fast
Lovely bracelets Lovely bracelets, I looked great with the gifts!!!!
Very light and non-allergenic Experience Date: October 09, 2020
I love the accessories I love the accessories, they come very well packaged and arrive super fast!
Very nice jewelry Very nice jewelry, just like the pictures on the website, but the best is the presentation, the boxes are great, their colors and prints always like. Everything is great!
Good purchase Very fast and secure shipping. And the jewels are as described on the website and of great quality.
Great Great! The shipping was fast, and the packaging is just beautiful! And the jewels are really wonderful 😍.
Very nice and comfortable Very nice and comfortable. I love them! 😁
I love I love the site, the jewelry offered and the quality of them. It is already the fourth time I order and I will continue to do so because the orders are immediate and in a short time you receive it.
The jewels are always beautiful and the... The jewels are always beautiful and the packaging is always very nice and careful. I wish there were less shipping costs as the jewels are not very cheap and the minimum for free shipping is too much for me.
Great! I always trust sansaru because everything is perfect, the quality, the shipping, the discounts.... Thank you!!!
Very good treatment and attention Very good treatment and attention. The jewelry arrived super fast and just as I had ordered. A 10.
I really liked everything I bought from you... I really liked everything I bought from you. The customer service is 10! I needed the urgent shipment because I was leaving and I received it in 24 hours. I will repeat for sure. Your jewels have soul. Thank you very much
Great As always, quality and speed. They are exactly as on the web. I love them :)
Perfecto tanto el producto como la... Perfecto tanto el producto como la entrega
Always wonderful the parts and the ... Always wonderful the parts and the delivery time. As soon as you open the package, it gives off a very nice smell :) everything great!
Very good experience Very good experience, the order arrived very quickly, I had to change a ring because it did not fit me and it was all very fast and very well explained.
Disagree with the return policy They are very nice, the jewelry is beautiful, but they are very expensive shipping costs, for what the jewelry is. It is cheaper in a jewelry store. Not to mention the discount codes that seem to me to be a "sucker's trick". Mostly because I made a mistake with the size, I used the code befree for free shipping, and both for return and exchange I have to pay the shipping costs. I don't agree with this policy. If I had known I would have bought the one from the jewelry store next door, instead of that one because it was nicer and it was cheaper. And things like this make you not want to collaborate with what you buy on the internet, no matter how much you like things. The treatment has always been very adequate and cheerful despite my disagreement. I understand the company and it is to be picky but I did not like it.  I want to make it clear that the attention and the jewelry are wonderful 5 stars or more.
Very Cute Jewelry very cute wrapped, and it fits me perfect!
Very happy with all my products Very happy with all my products! 🥰
I love them¡¡¡¡ Experience Date: September 21, 2020
Perfect Very nice and with beautiful finishes, the birthday girl liked it very much.
Incredible Order fast in arriving and incredible parts
Fast and efficient service I placed an order that arrived in two days, I got confused about the size of a product and the next day I had the correct size, besides being of good quality. Highly recommended.
I love it! Very nice jewelry, very careful delivery. I only buy jewelry on this site. I love it!
Fantastic Good quality and speed, the complete combi 🤤💙.
I love my jewelry I love my jewelry! The only downside is that the chains are very thin and I'm afraid of losing my pendants....
It would be better if each product came... It would be better if each product came in its own box and not all of them together.
Great shipping management Great shipping management! I asked them if they could send a little message written on the package because it was a gift and there was no problem. Very happy!
You guys are amazing I will never get tired of buying you little jewels <3
My first experience with San Saru I bought two pairs of earrings, small earrings and triangle earrings, also small. The positive part is that they arrived soon, the packaging was nice and delicate. The negative part is that after two days of wearing the second pair, they turned black and I had to clean them with silver cleaning fluid. I am surprised that being a product of this material it gets like this so fast, being the most expensive within my purchase.
Suuuper fast the arrival and beautiful... Suuuper fast the arrival and beautiful the jewels.
Unbeatable Unbeatable. Speed, good communication with the client, and better presentation. Delighted. Without a doubt I will repeat and recommend it.
I love everything I've bought I love everything I've bought, the presentation, the delivery time.... everything. You guys are great!!!! The only thing I would like you to do is to bring out different patterned bags... but it's not important. Everything great!!! 😍
The jewels are beautiful The jewels are beautiful, they were a gift and she loved them, so everything is perfect. The shipping, the care and love with which the product is made, everything. Thank you very much
Very nice jewelry Very nice jewelry, looks good, hope it lasts a long time. Fast delivery and no problem at all.
Very happy with all my products Very happy with all my products! 🥰
This is my second order and I will repeat This is my second order and I will repeat. Great customer service. And the jewels are of very good quality, I only miss that the stone pendants are somewhat larger so you can see how beautiful it is. Thank you very much for everything. You are a charm
Order received in excellent... Order received in excellent condition, nice presentation and very well protected. Arrived perfectly!
I am delighted with my jewels I am delighted with my jewels, they are beautiful and more beautiful in real than how they look on the web. They arrived very quickly and in beautiful packaging. I will buy again.
GREAT GREAT GREAT, EVERYTHING PERFECT AND SUPER NICE, EVEN THE BOX I GOT!!!! I AM DELIGHTED
They are prettier than on the web They are prettier than on the web. I bought them as a gift and he loved them. The quality-price ratio is great. I am very satisfied
Everything ok!!! 😍 Everything went very well. The Presentation perfect and the order arrived super fast so I will return q, buy.... I have a few things signed up so I'm sure something else will fall..... Jejejee
Highly recommended Very fast service and very nice packaging! Very happy with the purchase, you can see that they put enthusiasm and illusion. Thank you very much!
I loved the purchase I loved the purchase. I bought two types of earrings and soon more. Hopefully someday physical store :)
Very nice everything Date of the experience: September 18, 2020
Products in perfect condition and delivery... Products in perfect condition and delivered on time. The only drawback is the delivery of the three products of my order in the same box, it seemed to me something insufficient since, in this case, it was a gift and the presentation was not as expected.
Everything perfect, the speed of shipment, the... Everything perfect, the speed of shipment, the presentation of the product and the wonderful little jewels!
El producto de buena calidad,super... El producto de buena calidad,super bonito🥰🙈🙉🙊. The delivery is very fast and the treatment very friendly.
Delighted with my little jewel and service!!!! Date of experience: September 18, 2020
Perfect! The precious jewels, fast shipping, customer service 10. A broken earring arrived and they immediately solved it and sent me another one. Delighted as always!
I love it I love it! The jewelry is beautiful and of good quality. Every time I order I get it the next day or two days, they are super fast. I will definitely continue to order from them.
I love my new necklace with... I love my new necklace with amazing aquamarine... I love my new necklace with amazing aquamarine
This is my second order and I will repeat This is my second order and I will repeat. Great customer service. And the jewels are of very good quality, I only miss that the stone pendants are somewhat larger so you can see how beautiful it is. Thank you very much for everything. You are a charm
Quality 10! Everything arrives very quickly, in super cool boxes and very well protected. The quality of the jewels is impeccable as they do not get ugly or with daily use, or with water now that with the COVID is so recurrent. I would repeat without a doubt
I had a small problem and that is that one... I had a small problem and that is that one of the jewelry, was missing a piece, and super efficient and fast they sent me back the missing stone, I love san saru and I am always very happy with all orders !
The order arrived perfectly and super fast. The products are beautiful and the details of the boxes are beautiful! And above all! What do you do to make everything fly so well? :) I am very happy with your service, thank you
Thank you all perfect Experience Date: September 11, 2020
Everything perfect Everything perfect! Very friendly and quick to respond to a query I made about the order. Punctual and the jewels are also very cute and well presented.
I love it🥰 It arrived very fast and in good condition. The presentation is always super nice and it always smells deliciously good. This is already the second time I've purchased and will be purchasing again soon.  I have already purchased the perfume recently and a couple of other little things...encantada me teneis😍.
Great experience I loved the bracelets and earrings I ordered, they arrived right away and when I contacted them because by mistake a wrong bracelet came in they immediately solved the problem.
PERFECT Everything perfect and very fast!!!
Very good quality/price ratio. Very good value for money. Delivery of the product in a very short time. Very neat details, such as the boxes, the individual bags, the scent they give off. Very good.
I was quite disappointed... I was quite disappointed because a pair of the earrings I bought broke the clasp the first day I wore them and they are no longer of any use to me.
I really like the design of your jewelry and the treatment of course when any problem arises. Everything is great!
Everything perfect! Everything is perfect! It is the third order I place and I am delighted with my little jewels! Thank you very much 😊
I repeat again new acquisitions of... I repeat again new acquisitions of this beautiful collection. Thank you very much for the speed and all the love you put. Keep it up. :)
Fast shipping and very nice jewelry Fast shipping and very nice jewelry, the only downside is that a pair of earrings came with crooked sticks.
The presentation is beautiful The presentation is beautiful. They come in very nice boxes and super scented. They said they would arrive in 3 or 4 days and it didn't even take 48 hours. Everything is beautiful. I will definitely repeat.
arrived faster than it said and... arrived faster than it said and also super well packaged. Details very well taken care of.
It is the second time that I place an order... It is the second time that I place an order. Again everything is perfect and of course the jewels are beautiful and at very good prices. I totally recommend it!
Very satisfied! In addition to having beautiful "jewels", very well presented in their boxes, the shipping service was perfect. Very satisfied.
Beautiful jewelry Beautiful jewelry, comes with very nice details. I love everything that is sold.
Very good presentation Very fast shipping, very well presented and everything perfect. The bracelets are thinner than they look in the pictures, but they are very nice.
Just what I was looking for The order arrived on time and came wrapped in beautiful boxes... the packaging already defined how they were going to be... ideal! Very nice and just what I wanted. To repeat
Precious little jewels! Precious little jewels!!!! You can tell they are made, packaged and shipped with lots of love!
Very pleased with the returns and exchanges service Very pleased with the returns and exchanges service. As soon as they sent me the items, I gave the delivery man the ones I wanted to exchange. Very nice. Highly recommended
Everything perfect Everything perfect. What I ordered just as I expected. I love it! It is the second time and will not be the last.
Very recommendable They arrived very quickly, I liked them very much, both the jewelry and the presentation. Highly recommended
Very fast shipping Very fast shipping, delighted with my order.
The product is great The product is great, the package is very good, the shipping is fast and arrives even before the date you were told. I would recommend it one hundred percent.
Rusty piercing My small piercing has rusted.
Every time I buy a product the... Every time I buy a product the shipping is very fast. The jewels are ideal, and the packaging very careful, I highlight the perfume that gives off the box and the bag, and only that detail falls in love.
I love everything I love everything! And the delivery was super fast! Everything was excellent. Thank you very much
Very fast in delivery Very fast in delivery, the jewels are beautiful!!!! I am very satisfied.
Perfect product and fast delivery... Perfect product and fast delivery
Thank you very much for everything, they arrived very quickly and it was very easy to change the size. The jewels are beautiful and come in a beautiful box and scented bags. Amazing. Very happy with my purchase
The purchase was a gift and I have to say... The purchase was a gift and I have to say that the service has been great, arriving on time and on time. The person who received the jewelry really liked it. I will surely order again.
🔝🙂 I was very happy with my purchase, the service was fast, the rings and earrings I ordered are very well finished. It arrived with very nice and perfumed bags and boxes.
Everything perfect The shipment arrived super fast, in perfect condition and the earrings are very nice, thank you!
Overall positive but a little something to improve Overall the opinion is very positive. I will probably buy from this store again. However the jewels are a bit more expensive than they should be in my opinion, based on the resistance of the chains, they are quite fragile (I'm talking about the necklaces which is what I bought) I will try some rings. The order arrived very fast, in two three days so that's great 👌👌.
The details Everything is perfect. The jewels are just like the pictures. I love the detail of the box and the smell when you open it. A very pleasant experience.
San saru very cool Everything great 😍 the jewels, as precious as in the photos. The perfect measurements, the presentation of the package when it arrives is beautiful. I will repeat! 😊
Everything was perfect! I bought two anklets (beautiful) and in a few days I had them at home, without any problem and each in a beautiful box!
The jewelry very nice but the... The jewelry very nice but the earrings have very loose clasps it costs a lot to close them if you get it.
Gorgeous earrings and necklaces Gorgeous earrings and necklaces, like everything else.
The product is great The product is great, the package is very good, the shipping is fast and arrives even before the date you were told. I would recommend it one hundred percent.
Customer service of 10 and quality of... Customer service of 10 and quality of the jewelry brilliant.
I love them ❤ Experience date: August 21, 2020.
Es-tu-pen-do Apart from the fact that the jewels are ideal and you can see the care with which they are made. The packaging is absolutely beautiful and comes scented, a very good marketing technique so that when you smell something similar you are transported to San Saru. I have bought twice and I will buy again, thank you!
Excellent after sales service. Excellent after sales service. I am delighted. I will buy again.
Everything was perfect! The order arrived very quickly. The earrings are beautiful and of good quality. I loved the delicacy in every detail, the package arrived scented and the box to store the earrings is very nice. everything perfect!
Great everything perfect! Date of experience: August 14, 2020
I loved everything I loved everything, both the products and the little boxes where the jewels came. In addition to the gifts that came with the order, everything is so cute!
the ring is much more beautiful in... the ring is much more beautiful in person than in photos, every detail well done... I will repeat because the quality and price are incredible!
My first order (and it will not be my last). This has been my first order from San Saru and I am very satisfied. The Firenze earrings are what I expected, they look good quality and the presentation and box they come in are great. Those details are appreciated.
Delighted Very fast shipping, beautiful everything I received and the way it was packaged beautiful! I will be ordering again soon!
Excellent!!!!!💞💞💞💞 Experience date: August 14, 2020.
Enamorada me tenéis Enamorada me tenéis, me encaaaaaaaanta todo
Great Faster shipping than expected. The jewelry matched the images provided on the website and arrived in perfect condition.
Several types of hoops I ordered several types of hoops, larger and smaller and they arrived as beautiful as in the pictures. The shipping was very fast and the packaging was sustainable, neat and nice. The only drawback is the clasp of one of them that moves the pin, I hope it doesn't fall off. Bring out new models and we will see you again!
I love your jewelry I love your jewelry! They are beautiful and of excellent quality. The only thing is that 2 of my rings have flaked a bit and one of them is new.... But otherwise I am thrilled!!! 💕💕
Always attentive and lightning fast shipping Always attentive and lightning fast shipping! They are awesome 😊
Cute. Large ring size Positive: The jewels are all very cute, I really liked them! Shipping arrived quickly and in perfect condition. Negative: The sizes of the templates on the website do not correspond to the actual size of the ring, they are large. According to the measurement of another ring of mine, in SanSaru would be a size 16 that does not fit the finger I wanted, too big. Although it is so beautiful that I put it on another finger :)
I am super happy with my order I am super happy with my order, not in every store you can find rings for big toes and that are beautiful, and here I found both. I got confused in the size of one of the rings and there was no problem in making an exchange for the correct size. The treatment was wonderful, thank you very much for everything, definitely a highly recommended store 😊.
Highly recommended Good quality and nice design
I loved my earrings I loved my earrings, I expected them to be of low quality, but I was amazed. Everyone asks me about them, I recommend them. Thank you! I will buy a thousand more things and I will give a thousand more to my friends.
Incredible jewelry but in pairs I love jewelry but it would be great if you could buy single earrings and not in pairs.
The best bracelets I have ever had The best bracelets I have ever had. They are beautiful and treated with care
Excellent after sales service. Excellent after sales service. I am delighted. I will buy again.
Fantastic! I love it! The jewels are ideal and the treatment of the team is superb!
I have no complaint I have no complaint. Shipping in the time expected and the jewelry pieces are as they look in the pictures! Thank you very much.
Ideal The jewelry is ideal and the packaging is beautiful all very careful I love it.
I am thrilled! I am delighted, I ordered three models of earrings and besides being very very pretty, you can tell that they are made with delicacy and affection. Besides, the order took only two days. Each pair of earrings was in its individual fabric bag and all of them were in a very cool box! I recommend 100x100. Thank you!
Everything was great. The first time I order and I loved it. All very careful and the details of the message, the box and the bag is beautiful.
All very well always but All very well always, but some jewels turn black very easily.
Quality and good service The order arrived perfectly, and very fast. The jewelry (I ordered three rings and a pendant) are exactly as on the website, very good quality and beautiful. I value very positively my experiences
Delighted I love the designs and the delivery service has been top notch. I am delighted and have recommended the website to several people.
I am very satisfied with my purchases and... I am very satisfied with my purchases and the treatment received. Thank you
I loved them I loved them , they are very practical and the best thing is that they are silver and do not give allergy or reactions , I have recommended it to my friends for quality / price .
Great, fast delivery and in a very nice and comfortable box. Very happy with my order, the guide to choose your ring size is a 10 star.
I placed the order on a Wednesday afternoon and it arrived on Friday morning. Super fast and the order with all the details. You can tell they do it with love and think of the customer. A great experience and I will definitely repeat.
I really liked the two pairs... I really liked the two pairs of earrings I ordered. The delivery was fast and the package was spectacular, with a delicious smell and a very nice box. More coming soon!
Very good and fast thanks!!!! Date of experience: August 14, 2020
Highly recommended Very good, the earrings are beautiful, cute. Good quality and they could not have been faster in delivery. They answer quickly to all doubts. I will repeat for sure. 100% recommendable!
Very fine Very fine, precious
Fantastic! I love it! The jewels are ideal and the treatment of the team is superb!
Experience of 10 The purchase was fast. Web experience, shipping and attention of 10. The jewelry was just what I expected, besides being beautiful.
Very good! Very good! Very fast delivery and the quality too!
Fast shipping and perfect everything Experience Date: August 07, 2020
Very nice Very nice, just as they look in the photo. Fast shipping and in very nice boxes. I love them!
very good choice. Date of experience: August 07, 2020
Fantastic service Fantastic service. Delighted with my purchase, excellent quality.
First experience This is the first time I have purchased a Sansaru product. The experience has been very satisfactory. I made a mistake when ordering the size of my rings and to make the change I had the help of a salesperson named Emily, who advised me in a very professional and friendly manner. In addition, the exchange was free of charge. I was very grateful and I'm sure I will buy again, I already have my eye on a couple of things 😉.
It was for a gift for my little girl It was for a gift for my little girl, she liked it very much, I only find a flaw, the closure, it costs horrors to put them on.
All very good All very good. Fast delivery.
I loved them 🥰 Experience date: August 07, 2020.
Everything was great! The order arrived very promptly, the precious jewels and the packaging too, came in a very cute little box .Very pleased with everything, thank you 😍😃
Everything perfect!!! The order was great, I liked everything a lot!!!!  And the customer service was unbeatable!
Highly recommended I have ordered several times and I am always delighted with what I receive. It takes no time at all to arrive and the presentation is ideal!
The order arrived on time and in... The order arrived on time and in excellent condition The ring as detailed in the characteristics, the perfect size Very happy with everything Thanks
Great It arrived very fast. The order was correct and the pieces very nice as pictured. I have been wearing them ever since, I have bathed with them and they are not ugly or anything. The only thing that the necklace is a little short but that's my fault for not measuring....y the earring is ear cuff type without hole and I notice a little discomfort sometimes, it's rare.... but very good buy, I will repeat 🙂
Fast shipping and perfect everything Experience Date: August 07, 2020
They arrived fast and everything perfect! They arrived fast and all perfect, I am delighted!!!
😍MARAVILLOSOUS!!!😍 Your jewels are beautiful, it is the first time I order but I will definitely repeat. The little box they come in is beautiful and the note they enclose makes your day without a doubt. You can tell they put a lot of love in each order. The shipping is very fast and their treatment is super nice. They are wonderful!!!🙈
Shopping experience of 10 All jewelry arrived in perfect condition, with an identical appearance to the photo and in two very nice wooden boxes. Also for exceeding 60€ I got a vanity case and a tote bag. Very happy with the order, I will definitely repeat.
They are beautiful, arrive quickly and are affordable.
The jewels are just as in the photos on the website, they are perfect as the size guide explains, I loved everything I ordered, I will surely repeat .
Unfortunately I am not happy one... Unfortunately I am not happy one of the earrings broke the clasp the first time I tried to insert it into the hole. I have also placed several orders with you and have had to take some bracelets to be fixed because they have broken quite easily. I don't know if I can contact you for an exchange or repair.
Ideal! Ideal!!! Super nice and good quality, in detail, every day I like them more!!!!
Perfect Perfect. Everything well and fast.
Very fast shipping Very fast shipping. Very nice earrings. The top packaging.
Very happy I loved the jewels in my order. Very fast shipping and excellent communication. I will repeat soon for sure.
Everything perfect The jewels are magnificent! The order arrived on time, everything perfect!
The deal is more than excellent! More than excellent deal, not to mention the jewels and their boxes that are PRECIOUS! In addition, the shipping is always fast and efficient, so, without a doubt, I repeat and will repeat again!♥️👌
jollitas Fast delivery order, beautiful and quality jewelry 😊
I am delighted The jewelry store is beautiful and if you have any problem you are very well attended and they are very nice.
Great deal 💟 Experience date: July 31, 2020.
Great Great. Fast shipping. Very good quality. I will repeat for sure.
They arrived fast and everything perfect! They arrived fast and all perfect, I am delighted!!!
A great team A great team, not to mention all their jewelry that you will fall in love with. I had to make a size change and they managed everything in 24 hours without any problem. A love! Thank you guys!
To improve Hello good morning, in response to your mail to value my opinion I am going to be very sincere. I was disappointed when I saw some hoop earrings that I bought. My mistake was that I did not realize the size, I thought they would be bigger. I got carried away by the photo that looked bigger. In that part I admit my fault, but I did not like the quality of the earrings. I find them very loose, especially when I put them over my ear, it is very difficult to put them on and fit them. Once fastened, as soon as I pull them a little, they unfasten. In short, I have put them back in the pouch and I doubt that I will use them. If you can use my opinion to improve, I'm glad. My recommendation is that even if they are hoop earrings, you should make a model with a screw pin (I don't know if it is called like that). Best regards.
Everything perfect The necklace is beautiful and the presentation in the little box 😍 It arrived in a few days, just as I expected. Thank you very much.
Delighted with my ring Delighted with my ring! And with the resolution of the problem I had about the size! It was all very fast and excellent treatment! I will buy again.
everything perfect!! everything perfect!! beautiful
I loved it! I loved it! The necklace is beautiful and the way to prepare it, with its box and card that comes with it, seemed very original to me.
Great Great! The jewels are beautiful
Great quality and very nice They are very good and of great quality.
Anklet Anklet as described. Very nice. Fast shipping and comes in a beautiful box. I will repeat.
😍😍😍😍 I have bought several times already and I love everything they have, it was definitely a discovery!
Jewelry made with love Beautiful garments! You can tell they are made with love and dedication. As soon as you open the delivery package you realize that they take care of every detail.
Hello Hello, I have placed three orders and the truth has always been a success. They are all made with great taste. And by the way it is a pleasure to contact us, your attention is excellent. A pleasure.
They arrived very quickly They arrived very quickly, with a very cute packaging and everything is very nice.
I love it! I love it! The shipping super fast, the jewelry quality price are great, the deal with the customer super well, the presentation of the jewelry amazing. I will definitely order again!
I have never bought from this store before and I have to say that I don't regret investing in it. The quality and price go hand in hand, and on top of that the people behind this store are wonderful. As for the shipping super happy, from one day to another. Returns are also overnight and free!!!!! Personally I would love to keep visiting and buying jewels from this site. Thank you and see you next time!
A great team A great team not to mention all their jewelry that you will fall in love with. I had to make a size change and they managed everything in 24 hours without any problem. A love! Thank you guys!
I have already ordered more times, and all perfect. Very fast shipping and very good quality products!
Wonderful Mainly a spectacular treatment, since I had problems with a jewel and they were super nice, and the problem was solved quickly so that everything was fine. I love the detail when you open your jewelry, I think it's beautiful.
It looks great and the silver color looks very... It looks great and the silver color looks very nice.
I really liked the jewelry I really liked the jewelry! Quality and good price!
I love your jewelry I love your jewelry, amazing deal and very fast!
I will buy again for sure This is the second time I buy from San Saru and from order to delivery everything was great. The communication with the store, the tracking and the speed. And living in the Canary Islands it is not easy to find stores that ship without exorbitant costs.
I loved the necklaces I loved the necklaces, I live in love, they are beautiful and on top of that they are super combinable with each other. I do not hesitate to make another purchase
Everything was perfect! Date of the experience: July 24, 2020
Highly recommended Highly recommended, delighted with the experience.
Very satisfied! Fast delivery, good product, loved the gift!!!!
I am delighted! I am delighted! with your products, especially now in the summer with the beach and the swimming pool.
Beautiful! Experience date: July 24, 2020
Great as always Great as always. Quality and super fast delivery. Thank you very much!
Delighted with the ring, the speed and the treatment Delighted with the ring. I ordered the wrong size and they solved it kindly and quickly. I will buy again without hesitation
Delighted with the jewelry I love all the jewelry on the website and the orders I place arrive great. I am also very grateful for the service offered when I have questions or need to make any changes.
Everything great... I have placed several orders in this store and I am very happy. The jewels are beautiful and silver, you can tell they are of quality. In addition, they arrive with nacex super fast, 2 days after ordering and I had them. I recommend this store!
Joyita The delicacy and presentation of your jewels are beyond words ❤️
It looks great and the silver color looks very nice... It looks great and the silver color looks very nice.
Great!!! I loved the finish of the rings and the customer service regarding size changes. I will be treating myself to another one soon ☺️
Very good value for money. Very good value for money. The jewels have a superior quality compared to the same type of jewelry from other jewelers. The delivery is very fast and the packaging is very nice and well cared for.
I was delighted to receive with such delicacy... I was delighted to receive with such delicacy the gift that was going to be for my daughter! Two necklaces and I love how you have prepared it! The box is beautiful! Now I am part of the Sansaru family and soon I will order again but this time it will be for me! Thank you very much!
Excellent I had a small problem with my order and they resolved it quickly and efficiently. Besides being super delighted with the earrings I bought from them (which I won't hesitate in a few weeks to order again 🙈), they are super attentive and friendly. I recommend 100%!!!
Delighted with my order and will be placing another one soon.
Superb experience We gave a pendant as a gift to a friend. She loved it. It arrived very delicately and lovingly wrapped. Very happy with the service.
Great I have several orders with sansaru and as always super good. Super fast and prepared in their little boxes that are 😍. No doubt I will repeat
Super nice pieces Super nice pieces, as in the photos and very fast shipping, I loved it!
ALL PERFECT ONCE AGAIN Everything as always! Perfect and fast! The only jewelry I can wear without getting allergies. There's a reason I always buy all my jewelry here. YOU GUYS ARE GREAT 😍😍😍
It is the first time I place an order... It is the first time I place an order with San Saru but I am sure I will order more. It is a great team and the jewels are beautiful!!!
Very happy Very happy, very fast shipping, the pendant and earrings were for a gift and liked them very much. I will repeat for sure. Congratulations!
Opinion The anklet and the choker that I bought are very good and I have a very good opinion, but the ring deforms when I wear it.
Magnificent jewels Magnificent jewels. Just like on the web. Very fast delivery. I recommend them.
Perfect jewelry and shipping The jewelry is just as it appears on the website. The shipping is very fast and all the details are very well taken care of.
Excellent Fast shipping, good quality parts, even the box.
Perfect The jewelry was just as I expected. With your size guide I was able to buy what I wanted. They even arrived a little earlier than expected. I will repeat (for the 4th time :P) for sure!!!!
Pendant and earrings I bought a silver pendant and earrings, both in perfect condition. Happy with the quality-price and they have the detail of sending them in a bag inside a box, accompanied by a nice text.
Excellent service Excellent service. The ring size guide works perfectly and the shipment arrived as scheduled! All a 10!
Everything perfect Everything perfect! The jewelry, the delivery and the presentation!
The jewels are beautiful The jewels are beautiful, more than what can be seen in the photos, and I also loved the packaging. They take care of the details and the package arrived quickly. I will buy again, no doubt.
Màgia The jewelry in general, are beautiful and super well cared for! They have beautiful details. And the attention, shipping and when you receive it, very fast and very good. It will always be my favorite jewelry store.
All the products arrived quickly and... All the products arrived quickly and were great.
All the jewels very nice and with... All the jewels very nice and with quality. The orders arrive very fast and the detail of the vanity case and the gift bag, great!
I have already bought several times and in all...wonderful site I have already bought several times and in all of them I am equally happy! I recommend it 200%!
I love what I ordered I love what I ordered! It always arrives quickly, the contact with the team is unbeatable and the quality of the jewelry very good.
Great! All great products and shipping time as specified!
Precious ring 😍😍 Experience Date: July 10, 2020
Everything great Super happy with my order, the jewels are super nice and the shipping was very fast.
A 10 out of 10 I can not be happier with this store. They are beautiful, modern, delicate pieces of jewelry...I love them. The treatment is the best. Detail to the maximum and a super fast shipping. De 10. Highly recommended.
It's beautiful and it arrived the next day, I'm already looking forward to placing another order... It's beautiful and it arrived the next day, I'm already looking forward to placing another order.
Everything perfect Everything perfect, very nice!!!!
One box for each jewel Everything perfect, very fast delivery. Only one downside, I ordered several jewels for different gifts and only come two boxes, I do not understand how it does not come a box for each jewel.
I love this brand I love this brand, I can't like more all their little jewels. The packaging is very original and everything comes in perfect condition. Definitely one of my favorite brands😍😍😍.
Perfect I am delighted!!! It's perfect 🥰😍
Everything perfect Everything perfect! The jewelry, the delivery and the presentation!
Everything more than perfect! Very fast to arrive, very nice box and presentation and jewelry are a mulada, I think this care to detail and it shows! Very cool! Thank you!
A service of 10. Experience date: July 10, 2020.
Everything perfect :) Date of the experience: July 10, 2020
I am delighted 🥰 I love all the jewels I have ordered, and I would like to point out how attentive you are to any questions. I love the boxes and their aroma, the gifts you make .... Highly recommended!!!
Everything perfect The ring is great. I got the wrong size and they made the exchange very easy. Fast shipping. Everything is great! Thank you very much
I love it! I had a problem when I placed the order and they attended me by whatsapp in a few minutes and solved it. The order arrived the next day, my jewels couldn't be more beautiful!
All a 10 Everything always perfect, the service, the speed with which they dispatch the orders and the quality of the product from what is the jewel itself to the packaging. Not to mention the designs that are original and robust jewelry. Another positive point is that there is always a discount for the next purchase. Besides, there are always discounts on instagram.
Excellent 👍👏👏😆 They have arrived in a few days, in good condition and with a very careful and nice packaging.
I love your jewels🤩🤩 I love your jewels, as well as the tractor and the relationship with the customer. Very happy with the service, speed of delivery and concern that the product is of the quality and desired for the customer😍😍😍😍😍.
Great deal Great deal, fast shipping and very nice jewelry.
Delighted!!! Date of experience: July 10, 2020
Fast and beautiful The ring arrived super fast. Perfect size using the size guide on the website and according to the description! I love it!
They have it all! And good! Super fast. Good quality and beautiful above all!!!! I already have a jewelry box full of just jewelry from San saru 💕.
Very fast shipping Very fast shipping, the jewels just as in the pictures, all perfect. I will repeat.
The jewels were as expected and I liked them very much, the problem is that when I made the purchase I indicated that I needed them to come in separate boxes because they were gifts for different people and they only sent me 2 boxes.
Fast and perfect They arrive super fast and perfect, the rings are precise, thank you very much.
Return One of the pieces did not arrive properly due to factory defect, I wrote an email and the next day I had a new one at home. The girls who answered my e-mail were very nice and explained everything well.
It has been my first experience with... It has been my first experience with you and it will not be the last because I have loved it. Best regards
All 10 The jewels are beautiful, come wrapped with great care and love and the shipping is super fast. No complaints, I will order again for sure!
Very good Very good jewelry, and the quality as well
Every time I have placed an order... Every time I have placed an order my jewels have arrived on time and perfect, but what I like the most is the treatment I have received, they have always been very attentive and friendly. They also take care of all the details in the packaging of the jewels 😍 I love everything.
It is the perfect gift for everything, I love their jewelry and the little boxes they come wrapped in and the girls are very nice. I'm a big fan of their rings, bracelets and especially their necklaces, but what I like the most are the little friends they have for the toes.
PERFECT! The "little jewels" are beautiful and the service was perfect. I love the presentation they put on it. A ten.
Delighted! I have bought several times and I like them more and more. The quality of the products is great and even more so if you have allergies to certain materials like me. They fit me perfectly! The packaging is super original and you can take advantage of the boxes. No doubt I will continue to buy.
The jewelry is excellent I really liked the jewelry, it is fine and looks great. However, I think there is a lack of communication between the delivery person and the company. I received the email yesterday saying that my jewelry had been delivered, and I have had the jewelry for two or three weeks.
As always fantastic As always, on time and beautiful and unbeatable presentation. Very happy. Every time I have to give a little jewel I will count on San Saru.
I love them! The earrings I ordered are just as seen on the website. Fast shipping. Everything is correct.
Fast shipping and beautiful things Experience Date: July 03, 2020
They are very fast in answering and sending... They are very fast in answering and sending orders, they solve all my doubts. Excellent service!
They arrived super fast and I loved them They arrived super fast and I loved them! I will repeat
With lots of love Made with lots of love for detail! And very fast shipping!
I loved the jewelry as always I loved the jewelry as always, to put a downside I was expecting the pendant and the moon bracelet a little longer. But everything was perfect!
Super fast delivery Super fast delivery. And everything beautiful and very well priced.
The 8mm piercing I thought was going to be bigger but very good quality... The 8mm piercing I thought was going to be bigger but very good quality. Thank you very much
I love San Saru I love San Saru! Their simplicity that makes each piece ideal. Always very attentive to everything! Thank you so much!!!! Guadalupe
An experience of 10 An experience of 10.
I placed two orders in the last three... I placed two orders in the last three months and my experience has been very good. I received it within the expected period and with one of the orders I had a problem and they replied promptly. I recommend it!
Delighted The order arrived well, I loved the presentation, everything in detail. Everything fits great and the earrings I chose for my daughter loved them. I am sure I will repeat. Thank you a thousand!!! 😘😘😘😘
Fast delivery and good quality. Date of experience: July 02, 2020
Excellent! I bought a whale necklace! Love it it is beautiful and the quality amazing! I recommend them every time, it's not the first time I buy and it's not going to be the last 🥰.
A few days ago I made my birthday present for... A few days ago I made my birthday present for myself. My sister-in-law liked one of the bracelets so much that this week I got her some jewelry for her birthday. I am very pleased with how fast the items have arrived this time. Thank you.
It arrived on time!!! It arrived on time!!! as the bracelet was a gift (which of course she loved) 😍. The only downside is that the chain and the plate immediately turned black, maybe it's because of my sweat or that in mallorca is very hot. But soon I will place a new order. Pd: thanks for the details (vanity case and totebad)😘.
Amazing!!! Date of experience: July 02, 2020
An ideal site! A friend made me discover this site, I have always liked the accessories, but nothing like everything that San Saru offers. I have already made several orders, for me, for friends, for birthday gifts and there is not a single time that I have not succeeded with everything (ring, pendants, earrings, etc.) Since the jewelry is spectacular, in addition to giving an ease to buy, such as helping you find the size of your ring or with discounts. Undoubtedly, one of the best discoveries! An ideal site!
The jewel is beautiful and the shipping times are very... The jewel is beautiful and the shipping times are very short. I was surprised by the agility. In addition, I highlight the presentation! You can tell that they do it with great care.
Super fast and everything beautiful Super fast shipping and the items are beautiful! I have to exchange a ring because I got the wrong size. I haven't tried the return method yet, but I will definitely repeat purchase. Thank you very much!!!
The 8mm piercing I thought was going to be bigger but very good quality... The 8mm piercing I thought was going to be bigger but very good quality. Thank you very much
Bad closing Bad closing. They will break soon.
The jewelry is great and original The jewelry is great and original, I am a big fan and I am always buying. It arrives in 2 days and the customer service is immediate.
Best discovery Very fast shipping, good quality products with a beautiful design and also at an incredible price. I plan to repeat :)
Order delivered on time Order delivered on time. Very punctual. Very well presented items. 100% recommendable
I loved everything I loved everything, you can tell they take care of everything in detail.
Spectacular and super fast delivery Spectacular and super fast delivery. Thank you very much
Good quality and good price Good quality and beautiful, I will always repeat here ❤️
Very good quality Very good quality, arrived super fast and very well packaged. The only "bad" thing is about some earrings that I ordered, that being very thin I'm a little afraid that they will come loose, twist or break. The rest everything perfect!
Perfect shipping and the jewel!!!! Date of experience: July 02, 2020
Super special! Super special! The jewels are beautiful! And a service of 10. An ear cuff broke and they changed it right away. Little by little I will get the whole collection jijiji thank you!
They are an extraordinary company They are an extraordinary company. Quality in the jewels, fast delivery, original and precious packaging, detail to provide aroma in the bags... A luxury!
Beautiful earrings and necklaces Beautiful earrings and necklaces! And the cases where they come with very neat aesthetics too.
Bad closing Bad closing. They will break soon.
Purchase of 10 The truth is that it is very good, the jewel is very nice and the delivery was perfect. I will definitely repeat.